British PM Theresa May commits to put final Brexit deal to a vote in both houses of the UK parliament. url.
CNN/ORC Poll: Most say Russian hacking didn't change election outcome. url url.
CNN/ORC poll: Most in US disapprove of Trump transition; 53% are less confident because of his actions since Nov. 8 url.
Female zebra shark in aquarium produces live offspring asexually, 3 years after being separated from long-term mate url.
Man from Uzbekistan has confessed to carrying out deadly attack at Istanbul nightclub, the city's governor says. url.
A woman in Pakistan has been sentenced to death for burning her daughter alive. url url.
Search for missing Malaysia irlines flight 370 officially suspended, almost 3 years after plane vanished. url.
Istanbul police arrest man they suspect killed 39 at Reina nightclub on New Yearos Eve, Turkish news agency says. url.
Eugene . Cernan, the astronaut who was the last to leave his footprints on the moon, has died. He was 82. url.
Monica Crowley will not take a role in Trump's administration after plagiarism revelations, transition official say url.
uthorities arrest wife of Orlando nightclub shooter Omar Mateen url url.
t least 5 killed after gunfire erupts at a festival in Mexico url.
The US transferred 10 Guantanamo inmates to Oman. They will remain there temporarily. url.
30 people die when Turkish cargo plane crashes into village in Kyrgyzstan, media report, citing Kyrgyzstan official url.
Terry .D. Strickland, a double homicide suspect on FBI's Ten Most Wanted list was caught after 6 months on the run url.
Bishop Eddie Long, head of url megachurch New Birth Missionary Baptist, has died, the church says. url.
Japan's attempt to launch one of the smallest-ever rockets into space has ended in failure. url.
Ringling Brothers Circus is closing down. url.
Mexico says if Trump hits them with a "major border tax" they will take "fiscal action that clearly neutralizes it" url.
SpaceX successfully launches its Falcon 9 rocket, which made a safe return landing on a seafaring platform. url.
rrival of some 4,000 US troops in Poland embodies "iron-clad commitment" to NTO, says US ambassador to Poland. url.
Senate probe to review intelligence about "links between Russia and individuals associated with political campaigns" url.
uthor and filmmaker William Peter Blatty, who scared millions with "The Exorcist," has died at 89, his widow says. url.
The House passes legislation providing Ret. Gen. James Mattis a waiver to serve as secretary of defense. url.
House OK's budget resolution that begins the process of dismantling Obamacare on a 227-198 vote. url.
Three former Takata executives indicted over exploding airbags. Company agreed to pay a $1 billion fine. url.
Newborn kidnapped from Florida hospital 18 years ago found alive in South Carolina. url url.
US ttorney General Loretta Lynch says Chicago police had engaged in a pattern of excessive force, citing DOJ probe url.
2 members of the funk-rock band Tower of Power are recovering after being hit by a train, a representative says. url.
Trump expected to tap longtime federal prosecutor for key DOJ post, people close to Trump transition say. url.
Obama is ending the policy of giving residency to Cubans who arrive in the US without a visa, officials say. url.
Wells Fargo stayed silent for at least 6 months about an investigation into the bank's creation of fake accounts. url.
TS says it confiscated a record number of guns in carry-on bags last year, most of which were loaded. url.
Senate passes waiver to allow retired Gen. James Mattis to serve as defense secretary. House will consider it Friday url.
DOJ's internal watchdog announces investigation into FBI's handling of the probe of Clinton's private email server. url.
EP: Fiat Chrysler allegedly installed devices on Jeep Grand Cherokee and Dodge Ram trucks to cheat on emissions. url.
Judge orders ExxonMobil to turn over 40 years of climate change research. url url.
Oregon Sen. Jeff Merkley says he will vote against Rex Tillerson's confirmation as secretary of state. url.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer says he will oppose Sen. Jeff Sessions' nomination to be ttorney General. url.
Justice Department will unveil an agreement mandating police reforms in Baltimore today, federal officials said. url.
2 suspects have been charged in connection with the November 2015 Paris terror attacks, Belgian officials say. url.
Senate opens Obamacare repeal drive with overnight marathon. url.
26 North Koreans are in Japanese custody after being pulled from a sinking cargo ship off the coast of Japan. url.
Judge formally sentences Charleston shooter Dylann Roof to death, a day after a jury recommended the death penalty. url.
US indicts six Volkswagen executives in connection with the automaker's emissions cheating scandal. url.
Trump says he will nominate a Supreme Court justice within the first two weeks of taking office. url.
Trump won't wait to build a wall. "Whether it's a tax or if it's a payment," Mexico will reimburse us, he says. url.
Trump attorney announces President-elect will donate hotel profits from foreign governments to the US Treasury. url.
Trump attorney goes in-depth during news conference about the plan for Trump's businesses once he takes office. url.
For the first time, Trump said he believes Russia was behind the hacking before the election. url.
Trump announces nomination of David Shulkin, current Undersecretary of Health, to head Dept. of Veterans ffairs. url.
Trump's first news conference in six months begins. Spokesman slams "political witch hunt" against Trump. url.
800 students at a 2,500-student Illinois high school are out with a virus, and the school has canceled classes. url.
3 suspects in the Kim Kardashian West heist have been released, including her chauffeur, Paris prosecutor says. url.
Cops: Fatal encounters with frican mericans are isolated. Public: They're part of bigger problem, survey finds url.
The rusty patched bumblebee is the first bee species in the United States to be declared endangered. url.
uYes we can. Yes we did.u President Obama offers optimism -- and warnings -- in farewell address url.
President Obama on the next generation of mericans: "The future is in good hands." url url.
name tells name uYou made the White House a place that belongs to everybodyyou have made me proud.u url.
Obama: uI will publicly supportu a healthcare plan if "demonstrably better" than C url url.
Obama at final address: "merica is a better, stronger place than it was when we started." url url.
President Obama arrives at Chicago convention center to give his final speech to the nation url url.
Monica Crowley, Trump's pick for a senior national security role, plagiarized lines in some newspaper columns. url.
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him. url.
Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof should be sentenced to death, a federal jury finds. url url.
Jurors have reached a verdict in the penalty phase of the trial of convicted Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof. url.
Reward for information leading to arrest of suspect in Florida cop killing is raised to $100,000. url.
HarperCollins says it will stop selling book by Trump pick Monica Crowley after CNNos KFile found plagiarism url.
Pakistan successfully test-fires a nuclear-capable cruise missile from a submarine for the first time. url.
FIF approves plan to increase the number of World Cup teams from 32 to 48, beginning in 2026. url.
Manhunt is underway after an Orlando police officer was shot and killed. Suspect considered uextremely dangerous.u url.
No. 2 Clemson defeats top-ranked labama 35-31 to win its first national title since the 1981 season. The Tigers fi url.
Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer will resign from the company's board if Yahoo's sale to Verizon goes through url.
John Kerry apologizes for decades of State Department discrimination against LGBT employees, job applicants. url.
Ft. Lauderdale airport shooting suspect Esteban Santiago will face 3 charges; 2 of which carry death penalty. url.
Orlando, Florida, police officer killed in line of duty identified as Master Sgt. Debra Clayton. url.
Manhunt underway for gunman who fatally shot Orlando, Florida, police officer; 14 schools are on lockdown. url.
US Navy ship fired warning shots at Iranian boat or boats on Sunday near the Strait of Hormuz, US official says. url.
Trump calls Meryl Streep, who has more Oscar nominations than any other actor, "one of the most overrated actresses" url.
French police detain 16 people in connection with armed robbery of Kim Kardashian West in Paris, official says. url.
Pittsburgh Steelers assistant coach and former player Joey porter charged after altercation at a bar, police say. url.
A suspect in the shooting of a US consulate official in Mexico on Friday has been arrested, authorities said. url.
Israel Defense Forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in Sunday's Jerusalem truck attack. url url.
Jerusalem attack suspect ID'd as Fadi Qunbar; 9 people, including 5 of Qunbar's family members, have been arrested. url.
Former Iranian President yatollah kbar Hashemi Rafsanjani has died of heart attack, Iran state-run media reports. url.
Driver who plowed into soldiers in Jerusalem may have been an ISIS sympathizer, Israel's Prime Minister says. url.
t least four people were killed in a vehicular attack in Jerusalem, Israel's emergency services said. url.
Vehicular attack in Jerusalem wounds at least 10, according to Magen David dom of Israel's emergency services. url.
t least 11 people were killed, 25 hurt when suicide car bomb explodes in outdoor market in Baghdad, police say. url.
Suspected airport shooter Esteban Santiago charged with 3 federal charges; each carries possibility of death penalt url.
Women's clothing retailer The Limited shuts down all its stores. url url.
Suspected Fort Lauderdale airport shooter "came here specifically to carry out this horrific attack," FBI agent says url.
Bomb kills at least 21 people in the rebel-held city of zaz in northern Syria, according to activists. url.
Divers find voice recorder and possible human remains from airplane that disappeared over Lake Erie, officials say. url.
SpaceX gets the go-ahead from the F to launch a Falcon 9 rocket on Monday. url.
Law enforcement sources identify suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting as Esteban Santiago. url.
Suspected shooter flew into Fort Lauderdale airport and pulled gun out of checked baggage, officials say. url.
Trump calls intelligence briefing "constructive," says he'll create team to stop foreign hacking. url.
Five people killed in the shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport, a law enforcement official says. url.
Multiple people were killed in a shooting at the Fort Lauderdale airport, Broward County Sheriff's Office tweets. url.
t least 9 hurt in shooting at Ft. Lauderdale airport, US official tells CNN. A shooter is in custody. url.
In her final speech as first lady, Michelle Obama thanks supporters, saying, 'I hope I've made you proud.' url.
Tilikum, the killer whale at the center of "Blackfish," has died, Sea World says url url.
t least 33 inmates are dead following a prison riot in Brazil on Friday, according to a state-run news agency. url.
US economy added 156,000 jobs in December and unemployment rate inched up to 4.7% in last jobs report under Obama. url.
Russia starts to cut back forces in Syria, Russian state news agency TSS reports. url.
Critically acclaimed Indian actor Om Puri has died at the age of 66. url.
Man who helped plan terror attack on a cafe in Bangladesh was killed in a shootout with police, officials say. url.
Japan recalls 2 top diplomats from South Korea over statue erected outside its consulate in a South Korean city. url.
US to send stealth-hunting planes to Japan. url.
Trump lets Mexico off the hook? House GOP officials say Trump will ask Congress to pay for building the wall. url.
US intelligence identifies the go-betweens Russians used to provide stolen emails to WikiLeaks, US officials say. url.
4 inmates transferred from Gitmo to Saudi rabia, dropping the prison's population to 55, Pentagon says. url.
Chris Berman stepping away from being the face of ESPN's NFL coverage. url url.
Four suspects face hate crime charges in connection with teen's torture broadcast live on Facebook. url.
House Speaker Paul Ryan says Republicans will move to strip federal funding for Planned Parenthood. url.
The Talladega Marching Tornadoes will participate in the presidential inaugural parade, college president says. url.
7 people injured in explosion in Turkey, state-run news agency says. Police killed 2 attackers, are hunting a third. url.
Family of Texas girl who was slammed to ground by police after 2015 pool party sues city, police and ex-cop. url.
South Korea speeds up plan for "decapitation unit" tasked with targeting North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. url.
Radio signal that has confounded scientists for years has been traced to a spot more than 3 billion light-years awa url.
Trump is looking at ways to limit the power of the director of national intelligence, sources say. url.
4 arrested in beating that was broadcast on Facebook Live. url.
Macy's says it's shutting down 68 stores and cutting more than 10,000 jobs. url url.
Murder charges against ex-pro wrestler Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka dropped after judge rules him incompetent for trial. url.
Trump picks Wall Street lawyer Jay Clayton, who defended big banks for financial crisis-era misbehavior, to lead SEC url.
s sentencing phase begins, convicted church shooter tells jurors, "There's nothing wrong with me psychologically." url.
A train derailed during Wednesday morning rush hour in New York, injuring 32, the fire department says. url.
Man with knife climbs over the wall of a kindergarten in China and attacks 11 students, Chinese state media say. url.
Israeli military court convicts an Israeli soldier of manslaughter in killing of a wounded Palestinian man in March url.
Turkey has identified the gunman who killed 39 people in the Istanbul terror attack, foreign minister says. url.
President of historically black Talladega College is yet to decide if marching band will perform in inaugural parad url.
Turkey detains 5 alleged ISIS members in connection with New Year's Day terror attack, state-run news agency says. url.
NCP president, 5 others arrested at sit-in to protest the nomination of Sen. Jeff Sessions for attorney general url.
Convicted mass murderer Charles Manson hospitalized, according to reports. url url.
President-elect Trump says he'll hold a news conference on Jan. 11, his first since late July. url.
GOP-led House adopts rule to fine members who violate decorum rules, a response to June's Democrat-led sit-in. url.
Pop superstar Janet Jackson, 50, gives birth to a boy, according to People magazine. url url.
Hillary and Bill Clinton to attend Trump inauguration. url url.
Megyn Kelly to leave Fox News later this year and join NBC News url.
Ford cancels plans to build plant in Mexico. It will invest $700 million in Michigan, creating 700 new U.S. jobs. url.
House Speaker Ryan defends proposed changes to ethics panel, marking first high-profile break with Trump this year. url.
UK ambassador to EU resigns months before Brexit negotiations. url.
2 foreign nationals arrested at Istanbul airport in connection with nightclub massacre. url url.
Trump tweets threat to General Motors: Make the Chevy Cruze in the United States or face a heavy tax url.
19-year-old frican migrant found concealed in luggage of woman entering Spanish territory. url url.
4 people were killed when a tree fell on a home as a tornado swept through a rural labama community, officials sai url.
US Customs computers are back online after a 4-hour outage caused huge delays at airports across the country. url.
4 children died when someone at the home sprayed water on pesticide, creating toxic gas, marillo, TX officials say url.
A US Customs computer outage has affected airport operations nationwide, officials say. url url.
House GOP to vote Tuesday on proposal that would weaken Congresso independent ethics watchdog. url.
Federal judge rules Dylann Roof is mentally competent to represent himself at the sentencing phase of his trial. url.
Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu questioned in criminal corruption probe. url url.
US officials say newly identified odigital fingerprintso indicate Moscow was behind election hacking. url.
762 murders makes 2016 the deadliest year in Chicago in nearly 2 decades. url url.
Britain's biggest supermarket chain has pledged to stop charging more for products that it markets to women url.
t least 60 die in Brazil prison riot; 6 of them were decapitated. url.
Dick Clark Productions slams 'defamatory' allegations name hashtag performance was sabotaged url.
French workers have won the right to ignore business emails that arrive after hours. url.
A pilot who allegedly passed out in cockpit of a Boeing 737 was arrested on suspicion of being drunk, police said. url.
ISISo claim of responsibility for Istanbul attack, which killed 39 people, can't be independently be verified by CN url.
ISIS has claimed responsibility for the deadly attack Sunday on a nightclub in Istanbul that left at least 39 peopl url.
Texas lawmaker struck in head by stray bullet during New Yearos celebration, officials say. He survived. url.
Police detain the captain of a ferry that caught fire off the coast Jakarta, Indonesia, killing at least 23 people. url.
Chicago's 2016 murder rate is the city's highest in 19 years, police department data shows. url url.
2 Dakota ccess Pipeline protesters arrested for unfurling anti-DPL banner from rafters above Vikings-Bears game url.
A US citizen is reported among the injured in Sundayos nightclub attack in Istanbul, State Department says. url.
William Christopher, best known for playing Father Mulcahy on M**S*H, has died at 84, his agent says. url.
Death toll from New Year's club shooting in Istanbul rises to 39, Turkey's Interior Minister says. url.
Two small planes collided in Texas on Saturday, killing at least three people, police say. url.
No. 2 Clemson to meet No. 1 labama in college football's championship game after wins in Saturday's semifinals. url.
t least 35 people have been killed and 40 injured in a nightclub attack in Istanbul, the city's governor says. url.
rmed attack at a nightclub in Istanbul, state-run media report. url.
Top-ranked labama downs No. 4 Washington in Saturday's first college football national semifinal, winning 24-7. url.
3 missing after small plane vanishes from radar off Hawaiian coast. url.
Twin suicide attacks on busy Baghdad street leaves at least 19 dead, scores wounded, local officials say. url.
Walt Disney "Bambi" artist Tyrus Wong died Friday at age 106, The Walt Disney Family Museum says. url.
Husband of Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway is on short list for US Solicitor General, source tells CNN. url.
Putin says Russia won't expel US diplomats in response to Obama administration sanctions, Russian state media says url.
6 people are missing after a small plane loses contact over Lake Erie. url.
Russian foreign minister proposes expelling 35 US diplomats in response to US sanctions over alleged election hack. url.
Huge coal mine collapses in India, trapping at least 30 people and killing at least five, officials say. url.
Nearly 20,000 fish and other marine life have washed up dead on Nova Scotia's west coast. Scientists donot know why url.
Video appears to show TX cop shoot man in back as he walked away, contradicting cop's account, victim's lawyer says url.
It's time to "move on," Trump says in response to Russia sanctions, but adds he'll meet with intelligence next week url.
Russian authorities order closure of the nglo-merican School of Moscow in response to sanctions, US official says url.
Russia will take similar steps in response to the expulsion of 35 diplomats from the US, Russian official says. url.
Tennis great Serena Williams is engaged to Reddit co-founder lexis Ohanian, spokesperson says. url.
US sanctions Russia and expels Russian operatives from the US as part of retaliation for hacking url.
Reality star Rob Kardashian was hospitalized Wednesday night, CNN has confirmed url url.
Vladimir Putin announces a ceasefire between the Syrian government and the opposition, Russian state media reports. url.
North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un has ordered 340 people to be executed since he came to power in 2011, report says url.
Philippines president threatens to throw corrupt officials out of flying helicopter, says heos done it before. url.
NYPD will allow officers to wear full turbans and grow longer beards, with a religious exemption. url.
ustralian police ended a 2-year drug investigation by busting a cartel and seizing 1,102 pounds of cocaine. url.
ctress Debbie Reynolds has died, her son says, a day after her daughter Carrie Fisher passed away. She was 84. url.
President Obamaos move to preserve swaths of land in the merican West pits him against Utahos Republican governor. url.
Iraqos PM Haider al-badi says forces are advancing in Mosul and could defeat ISIS in the country owithin 3 months. url.
The brother of JonBent Ramsey files a defamation lawsuit against CBS and others over murder miniseries. url.
Debbie Reynolds, 84, was taken to a Los ngeles hospital one day after daughter Carrie Fisher died, L Times says. url.
Obama administration is preparing retaliation for Russian election meddling, officials briefed on plans say. url.
John Kerry denies accusation that US crafted controversial UN Security Council resolution on Israeli settlements. url.
Secretary of State John Kerry warns two-state solution to Israeli-Palestinian conflict is 'in serious jeopardy.' url.
2nd black box from Russian military jet that crashed with 92 people on board has been found, Defense Ministry says. url.
Turkey and Russia agree on a draft nationwide ceasefire in Syria, Turkish state-run news agency says. url.
Philippines officials seize $120 million worth of meth, the country's largest meth bust ever. url.
Ex-rgentine president charged with corruption, and $643M of her assets were frozen, state-run news agency says. url.
Richard dams, author of "Watership Down," died December 24 at age 96, his family revealed Tuesday url.
ctress and author Carrie Fisher, best known for role in "Star Wars" series, has died, her daughter's publicist say url.
Outspoken Iraqi journalist frah Shawqi al-Qaisi kidnapped from her home in Baghdad, sources say url.
The first woman pilot in fghanistanos air force has asked the US for asylum. url url.
1 of 2 black boxes on a Russian military jet that crashed into the Black Sea with 92 people on board has been found url.
Disturbances that included gunfire and brawls played out at a dozen malls across US on chaotic day after Christmas. url.
Detainees at Manus Island refugee camp blame ustralian government for death of 27-year-old refugee last week. url.
29 lawmakers say they will leave the party of South Koreaos impeached president. url url.
Cheetahs are now racing toward extinction, with just thousands left in the world, new research says. url.
India successfully tested its most powerful nuclear-capable missile, the country's Defense Ministry says. url.
Iraqi and coalition forces killed 97 ISIS militants in Mosul on Sunday, Iraqi military official says. url.
3,000 people were evacuated from 3 rail terminals in Moscow after bomb threats, Russia's state-run news agency says url.
A fake news story led to threats of nuclear war between Pakistan and Israel over the weekend. url.
Executions in the United States fell to record lows in 2016, the Death Penalty Information Center says. url.
url Michael died from what is suspected to be heart failure, his manager said, according to UK-based Press ssoc. url.
url Michael's death is being treated as unexplained but not suspicious, Britain's Thames Valley Police says. url.
Singer url Michael, who shot to fame with 80s pop group Wham!, dies at 53, Britain's Press ssociation says. url.
Carrie Fisher's mother Debbie Reynolds tweets that "Carrie is in stable condition." url url.
Israel summons US ambassador, as Netanyahu criticizes Obama administration over UN vote on settlements. url.
Magnitude 7.7 earthquake hits off southern Chile. Tsunami threat message issued for parts of Pacific. url.
Super typhoon makes landfall in Philippines with maximum sustained winds of 155 mph. url url.
French aid worker was kidnapped in the west frican country of Mali, the French Ministry of Foreign ffairs says. url.
Queen won't attend church on Christmas Day, Buckingham Palace said after confirming she is recovering from a cold. url.
Missing Russian military plane crashed &amp; plane wreckage was found in Black Sea, Russian Defense Ministry says. url.
Typhoon Nock-ten is growing stronger as it bears down on eastern provinces of Philippines, storm monitors report. url.
Russian military plane with 83 passengers &amp; 8 crew members disappeared from radar, official tells state-run media. url.
The death toll in the Mexican fireworks explosions now stands at 36. url.
Trump spokesman Jason Miller now says he is declining the job of White House communications director. url.
President-elect Donald Trump says he will dissolve the Trump Foundation. url url.
Quintessential rocker Rick Parfitt, the guitarist with Status Quo, has died, his family says. url.
Radio personality Joey Boots, a frequent contributor to "The Howard Stern Show," dies at 49, New York police say. url.
A key Boko Haram enclave falls to Nigerian troops, country's President says. url.
Nephew of Berlin market attack suspect nis mri is among 3 arrested in Tunisia, countryos Interior Ministry says. url.
Berlin attack suspect 'had all the hallmarks of being on the run alone' when he was killed, official says. url.
Typhoon gaining strength as it draws closer to Philippines, where it's expected to make landfall on Christmas Day. url.
"Star Wars" actress Carrie Fisher hospitalized after having cardiac event on flight, sources tell CNN. url.
How Trump's attacks threaten some big job creators url url.
United Nations Security Council passes resolution demanding an end to Israeli settlements. The US abstained. url.
Trump praises letter from Russia's Vladimir Putin that urges overhaul of US relationship with Russia url.
Hijackers in custody and all passengers and crew have left Libyan plane forced to land in Malta, prime minister says url.
More than 60 passengers have been released from Libyan airliner that was forced to land in Malta by hijackers url.
Malta dealing with 'potential hijack' of Libyan plane, prime minister says. url.
Russia's Putin shrugs off Trump's comments on nuclear arsenal. url.
Berlin Christmas market attack suspect nis mri has been killed in Milan, according to Italian state police. url.
Police in Germany say they foiled a possible terror plot to attack Europe's largest shopping mall. url.
Police in ustralia say they've thwarted a possible Christmas Day terror attack in Melbourne. url.
Israeli official: Israel asked Trump for help in getting US to veto Security Council condemnation of settlements. url.
Trump team asks State Department for info on gender programs. url url.
Trump names RNC communications director Sean Spicer as White House press secretary url url.
Syrian regime says it has taken full control of leppo, marking major turning point in nation's 5-year civil war url.
President-elect Trump says US must strengthen and expand nuclear capability url url.
Key United Nations vote on Israeli settlement activity is delayed url url.
North Carolina legislators fail to repeal "bathroom bill" in special session called for that purpose. url.
Certified results: Hillary Clinton got more votes than any other losing presidential candidate in US history. url.
Trump sons removed as directors of nonprofit appearing to advertise meeting with president-elect for $1M donation url.
German officials identify 24-year-old Tunisian as suspect in Berlin market attack that killed at least 12 url.
Berlin attack suspect was arrested in ugust with url papers but was released, German security official says url.
Police search for Tunisian man in his 20s in connection with Berlin market attack, German security official says. url.
Indonesia's anti-terrorism squad kills 3 suspects in firefight during raid on house south of Jakarta, police say. url.
Louisiana Department of Health asking people in St. Joseph not to drink the tap water for at least 30 days. url.
t least 29 people died in Tuesday's fireworks market blast, the governor of the state of Mexico says. url.
t least 9 people killed in fireworks market blast, Mexico's federal police say; local authorities say 22. url.
t least 60 people are injured after an explosion at a fireworks market near Mexico City, local media report. url.
President Obama takes action to bar offshore drilling in areas of the rctic and tlantic Oceans. url.
ISIS says the truck attack at a Berlin Christmas market was carried out by a "soldier of the Islamic State." url.
German officials release man who had been in custody after the truck attack on a Berlin Christmas market url.
Four more people charged in connection with water crisis in Flint, Michigan url url.
German prosecutor on truck attack: "We possibly need to assume that we have not arrested the right one." url.
Turkish and Russian envoys will meet today to discuss Syria, day after killing of Russia's ambassador to Turkey. url.
China has returned the US underwater drone it seized last week in the South China Sea, US and Chinese officials say url.
Death toll increases to 12 in Berlin Christmas market truck crash, police say. url url.
Turkish official ID'd suspect in Russian envoy's killing as police officer; he didn't say if officer was off duty. url.
Turkish official ID'd suspect in Russian envoy's killing as police officer; he didn't say if officer was off duty. url.
Electoral College makes Donald Trump's presidential election official. url url.
Truck crash that killed 9 in Berlin market is being investigated as an act of terrorism, German official says url.
A truck has run into a Christmas market in Berlin, police say. There are no immediate details on injuries url.
Gunman who killed the Russian ambassador to Turkey in nkara was off-duty police officer, a Turkish official says url.
Russia's ambassador to Turkey has died after he was shot in nkara, according to Russia's foreign ministry url.
Russia's ambassador to Turkey has been shot in nkara, Turkish official news agency reports url url.
7-year-old girl who gained notice by tweeting from leppo has been evacuated with her family, medical charity says. url.
Underwater drone seized by China is the "tip of the iceberg" of US military surveillance, Chinese state media says. url.
20 buses carrying about 1,000 people left eastern leppo this morning as evacuations resumed in the besieged city. url.
ctress and socialite Zsa Zsa Gabor died at her home Sunday, publicist says. She was 99. url url.
Evacuations in eastern leppo resume late Sunday after delay, according to volunteer working with refugees. url.
t least 10 killed in what Jordanian official called a "cowardly terrorist attack." url url.
Evacuations of civilians and rebels in eastern leppo have been postponed Sunday, UK-based monitoring group says. url.
Canadian woman and 4 policemen killed in ongoing shootout in Jordan, Public Security Directorate url.
A 3-year-old boy was shot killed during an apparent road rage incident when he was with his grandmother, police say url.
Evacuations from leppo likely to resume today after many were left to sleep on the streets in sub-zero temperature url.
t least 6 people died in V, MD and OK because of dangerous road conditions caused by brutal cold, freezing rain. url.
Suicide attack kills more than 40 soldiers in Yemeni city of den, security officials say. url url.
t least 12 people on Indonesian military aircraft were killed when the plane crashed into a mountain, military say url.
Many residents of Corpus Christi, Texas, have to wait until Sunday to see if they can drink the city water again. url.
Large tree falls during wedding party, L Fire Dept. says. One dead, 5 injured. url.
Dr. Henry Heimlich, inventor of the life-saving Heimlich maneuver, has died at age 96, his family says. url.
Pentagon says China has agreed to return the US underwater drone it seized in the South China Sea earlier this week. url.
University of Minnesota football team agrees to play in the Holiday Bowl after threatening to skip it, team says. url.
China says it will return a US underwater drone it seized this week and says the US "hyped up" the issue. url.
Multi-vehicle crashes plague icy roads as frigid air sweeps the US. url.
Tsunami warning issued after earthquake off Papua New Guinea. url.
Car bomb explodes near public bus in Turkey, killing and wounding several people, state media reports. url.
"You people were vicious." During rally, Trump tells his supporters they were violent during the campaign. url.
Trump family and businesses were paid $12.5 million during campaign, federal reports show. url url.
Princeton officials suspend the men's swimming and diving season over offensive messages linked to the team. url.
A Chinese warship stole a US underwater drone right in front of an merican crew, US defense official says. url.
Obama vows retaliatory action against Russia for meddling in the US presidential election. url url.
DeVry University to pay $100 million to settle a lawsuit that alleged its ads misled prospective students, FTC says url.
Craig Sager, the longtime Turner Sports sideline reporter, has passed away, the network said. He was 65. url.
Dylann Roof is found guilty of all 33 federal charges he faced after last year's massacre. url url.
A jury has found Dylann Roof guilty of gunning down 9 people at historically black church in Charleston, S.C. url.
Jury in trial of accused SC church shooter Dylann Roof asks to rewatch video in which he confessed to FBI agents. url.
Labor Secretary Tom Perez announces bid to be Democratic National Committee chairman url url.
Jurors have started deliberations in trial of confessed Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof. url.
Traces of explosive material found on remains of victims from May's Egyptair crash. url url.
Nearly 40 million people are under wind chill advisories or warnings from today through Friday morning. url.
A 13-year-old NY boy died when a snow bank in which he had built a fort collapsed, police say. His friend survived. url.
ctivists say pro-Syrian regime forces fired on vehicles being used to evacuate wounded from eastern leppo. url.
San Diego police investigate "suspicious circumstances" surrounding the death of CorePower Yoga founder Trevor Tice url.
Residents in east leppo hope they'll be able to evacuate after rebels said new ceasefire agreement was reached. url.
86-year-old woman with record going back to 1992 was arrested again for stealing jewelry from an tlanta-area mall. url.
Colorado officials will use new DN testing technology in the 20-year-old case of the slaying of JonBenet Ramsey. url.
Satellite images indicate China has put weapon systems on all 7 artificial islands it built in contested waters. url.
Judge orders Trump to the witness chair before Inauguration Day in ongoing dispute with celebrity chef Jose ndres url.
Ronna Romney McDaniel, niece to Mitt Romney, is Trump's choice to be RNC chair next year, RNC says. url.
Eiffel Tower goes dark to show solidarity with the people of leppo. url url.
Federal Reserve raises interest rates by 0.25%, the first increase in 2016, and only the second in the last decade. url.
Homelessness declining in cities, but hunger on rise as food banks are being stretched thin, survey of mayors says. url.
"Manchester by the Sea" leads 2017 film SG ward nominations. See what else was nominated. url url.
t least 75% of ISIS fighters have been killed during the campaign of US-led airstrikes, according to US officials. url.
Shelling has struck rebel-held neighborhoods in east leppo, activists in the city say, breaking a new ceasefire. url.
Philippines Pres. Duterte says he didn't attend sessions at a regional summit to avoid awkward situation with Obama url.
62-foot wave between Iceland and UK in Feb. 2013 is biggest wave ever recorded by buoy, meteorological group says. url.
Bakersfield, C police officer fatally shoots man, 73, whose family said he had early signs of dementia. url.
lan Thicke, TV dad on "Growing Pains" and father of pop star Robin Thicke, dies at 69, his agent says. url.
Donald Trump taps Montana Republican Rep. Ryan Zinke for secretary of the interior, two transition sources say. url.
Ohio Gov. John Kasich vetoes "heartbeat" bill but signs a bill outlawing abortions in the state after 20 weeks. url.
Syrian government has established control over eastern leppo, says Russia's representative to UN. url.
Sources inside leppo tell CNN a ceasefire and evacuation agreement has been reached. url url.
President-elect Trump selects former Texas Gov. Rick Perry as nominee for energy secretary, sources tell CNN url.
82 civilians were killed in their homes in Syria's war-ravaged leppo by pro-regime forces, the UN said Tuesday. url.
Two url police officers were shot Monday. Six G officers have been shot in six days. Two of them were killed. url.
President-elect Trump says his companies will do no new deals while he is in office. url url.
nnual survey shows continuing decline in use of illicit substances and misuse of prescription drugs among teens. url.
Some in Taiwan worry that Trumpos statements could make it a pawn in a struggle between the US and China. url.
Lawsuit filed against Texas seeks to halt new rules mandating the burial or cremation of aborted fetal remains. url.
President-elect Trump is picking ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson for secretary of state, transition sources say. url.
Donald Trump will postpone a news conference on his potential business conflicts until January, sources say. url.
merican Express to give new parents 20 weeks of paid leave at full pay url url.
Nominations for 2017 Golden Globes announced; Meryl Streep to receive Cecil B. DeMille ward. url.
South Korea calls North Korean military drills designed to simulate an attack on the South uchildish.u url.
China's Foreign Ministry says it is useriously concernedu about Donald Trumpos questioning of uone Chinau policy. url.
Oil prices leap after Russia and others agree to reduce their output. url url.
Turkish fighter jets targeted a Kurdish militant group after twin bomb blasts that killed dozens in Istanbul. url.
ISIS retakes the ancient city of Palmyra in Syria, according to Syrian government media, the ISIS media wing and a url.
Cardell Hayes, the man who killed former New Orleans Saints player Will Smith, was found guilty of manslaughter. url.
Heavy rain and winds from Tropical cyclone Vardah have begun to pound the Indian city of Chennai. url.
The CNN Hero of the Year for 2016 is Jeison ristizbal. He will receive a $100,000 charitable contribution. url.
Bill English is set to become New Zealand's next prime minister after John Key unexpectedly resigned last week. url.
Bipartisan group of high-profile senators calls for probe of Russian role in US elections. url url.
Italian President Sergio Mattarella appoints Foreign Minster Paolo Gentiloni the country's prime minister-designate url.
Explosion near a Christian church in Cairo kills at least 25 people, injures more than 30, local media report. url.
Explosion near Coptic church in Cairo kills at least 5 people and injures 10, local media say. url.
t least 38 people are dead and 155 injured from a pair of bombs near a stadium in Istanbul, Turkey. url.
The death toll from a car bomb in Mogadishu, Somalia, has risen to at least 20 people, an official says. url.
t least 8 people died in a car bomb explosion in the port of Mogadishu on Sunday, Somali Police official tells CNN url.
US Defense Secretary sh Carter arrived in Baghdad for an unannounced visit. url url.
CNN projects Republican John Kennedy has won Saturday's US Senate runoff election in Louisiana. url.
Venezuela seizes 4.8 million toys, says toy distributor planned to sell them at inflated prices before Christmas. url.
Louisville sophomore quarterback Lamar Jackson has won the 2016 Heisman Trophy. url url.
Toll in Turkey bombings rises to 29 killed, including 27 police officers, Interior minister says. url.
A senior Turkish official says 15 people were killed and 69 were wounded in two blasts in Istanbul. url.
rmy defeats Navy 21-17 in the annual college football match-up. The victory ends Navy's 14-year winning streak. url.
1 of 2 bombings in Istanbul on Saturday is considered a suicide attack, interior minister tells Turkish media. url.
t least 20 wounded after 2 explosions near football stadium in Istanbul, according to Turkey's Interior Minister. url.
Church collapse kills as many as 50 people in Nigeria, officials say. url.
Train hauling fuel derails and explodes in Bulgaria, killing 5 and injuring 27, Interior Ministry says. url.
More than 20 million in US are under some kind of winter weather warning, watch or advisory this weekend. url.
s battle for Mosul enters 3rd month, Iraqi military's rapid advances have been replaced by a slow, hard slog. url.
Pentagon chief says US will send up to 200 more troops to Syria. url url.
Trump team slams CI, following reports the agency has concluded that Russia intervened in election to help him. url.
Threat of government shutdown is over, Democrats say after holding up a funding bill that must pass by midnight. url.
Rudy Giuliani pulls himself from consideration for a position in Donald Trump's administration, Trump says. url.
FBI video: Dylann Roof confessed almost immediately to Charleston church massacre. With a laugh he said, "I did it. url.
s many as 50,000 ISIS fighters have been killed, a senior US military official tells CNN. url url.
Death row inmate coughed and heaved for 13 minutes during lethal injection execution Thursday, report says. url.
South Korea's National ssembly votes to impeach Pres. Park Geun-hye. Constitutional court will deliberate motion. url.
Sec. of Defense sh Carter makes unannounced visit to fghanistan as Obama plans handoff of 15-year war. url.
South Korea's parliament will vote Friday on whether to impeach embattled President Park Geun-hye. url.
Justice Clarence Thomas issues a temporary stay in death penalty case of Ronald Smith, an labama death row inmate. url.
A second police officer dies after being shot Wednesday in url officials said. url url.
John Glenn, former US senator and the first merican to orbit the Earth, has died at 95, Ohio State University says url.
Trump taps ndrew Puzder, head of Carl's Jr. and Hardee's, as his pick for Labor secretary, a source tells CNN. url.
7.7-magnitude earthquake reported near Solomon Islands. Tsunami watch issued for Hawaii. url.
73-year-old rocker Mick Jagger welcomes his eighth child. url url.
6.5-magnitude earthquake shook the ocean floor 100 miles off the California coast Thursday morning, name says. url.
A federal judge has ordered Michigan's Board of Elections to stop the state's electoral recount. url.
US &amp; Russia's top diplomats meet to discuss ways to end bombing of leppo, senior State Department officials say. url.
Lebanon takes first step to abolish marriage rape law. url.
Donald Trump to nominate Oklahoma ttorney General and EP critic Scott Pruitt to lead EP, Kellyanne Conway says. url.
ll 47 people on board Pakistani flight that crashed were killed, airline says url url.
Former astronaut Sen. John Glenn hospitalized more than a week ago, spokesman says. url url.
Donald Trump picks ex-WWE CEO Linda McMahon to serve as Small Business dministration chief. url url.
2 juveniles charged in connection with deadly fires that spread through Gatlinburg, TN, official says. url.
Italian PM Matteo Renzi officially submits resignation after earlier defeat in referendum on constitutional reform. url.
Trump chooses retired Gen. John Kelly to head Department of Homeland Security, senior transition official tell CNN. url.
Pilot on doomed Pakistan flight made mayday call, said he lost control of one of plane's engines, airline says. url.
A jury has been seated in the trial of Dylann Roof, who is charged in the Charleston church shootings. url.
Donald Trump offers Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad the post of US ambassador to China, sources tell CNN. url.
Pakistan International irlines flight PK-661 carrying 40 people has crashed, officials say. url url.
Time Magazine names President-elect Donald Trump as its Person of the Year. url url.
Control tower has lost contact with a plane carrying 40 passengers, Pakistan International irlines says. url.
Syrian government troops now control most of leppo's neighborhoods after days of fierce fighting with rebel forces. url.
Ohio lawmakers approved a bill that would ban abortions after a fetus' heart first beats. url.
Death toll increases to at least 52 in 6.5-magnitude earthquake in Indonesia's ceh province. url.
Head of airline in Colombia plane crash has been detained, a Bolivian state media report says. url.
t least 25 people were killed in quake that struck Indonesia's ceh province, head of ceh Red Cross says. url.
'94 Heisman Trophy winner Rashaan Salaam found dead in a Boulder, CO, park. He was 42. url url.
Trump says Japan's SoftBank will invest $50B in U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs. url url.
Beyonce and dele score 3 of the top nominations, including album of the year, for the 59th nnual Grammy wards. url.
Indian Navy frigate tipped over on its side, killing two people and leaving 14 others injured. url.
French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve has been appointed prime minister, the Elysee Palace says. url.
33 of 36 bodies have been identified in the investigation of the Oakland warehouse fire, county sheriff says url.
Mistrial declared in case of SC ex-cop Michael Slager, accused of murder in shooting of Walter Scott url.
Judge sentences url dad Justin Ross Harris to life in prison for leaving son to die in hot car url.
l Gore says he had a "productive" meeting today with Trump, calls it a "sincere search for areas of common ground" url.
North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory concedes state's gubernatorial race to Roy Cooper. url url.
Death toll now at 36 in Oakland warehouse fire and expected to rise, according to authorities. url.
Japanese PM Shinzo be will become the countryos first leader to visit Pearl Harbor. url.
UN Security Council to vote Monday on proposed ceasefire in Syria's leppo. url.
Federal judge orders Michigan to conduct a statewide recount. url.
Secretary of Defense sh Carter arrived in Japan Monday. url.
A fire at the Regent Plaza Hotel in Karachi, Pakistan, killed 11 people and left 75 injured, an official says. url.
Names of 8 people out of the 33 killed in Friday's Oakland warehouse fire have been released url url.
Police say a man who fired a gun in a DC pizzeria told them he had come there to investigate a fake news story. url.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has resigned after being in power since 2008. url url.
A criminal investigation team is on the scene of the warehouse fire that killed at least 33, Oakland mayor says. url.
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has conceded defeat on a constitutional referendum and says he will resign. url.
US rmy says it will not allow proposed route of Dakota ccess Pipeline, a victory for the Standing Rock Sioux trib url.
t least 30 people have been confirmed dead in the Oakland warehouse fire, lameda County Sheriff says. url.
2016 College Football Playoff is set: It's No. 1 labama vs No. 4 Washington and No. 2 Clemson vs No. 3 Ohio State url.
Fidel Castro's ashes were buried in a private ceremony in Santiago de Cuba, Cuban officials tell CNN. url.
ustria's far-right presidential candidate Norbert Hofer concedes defeat in an election re-run. url.
24 bodies found in wreckage of Oakland, California, warehouse that burned Friday. url url.
19 killed in airstrikes on Syrian countryside, activists say url.
Bodies of all 9 killed in the Oakland warehouse fire have been recovered and are being identified, authorities say. url.
Green Party's Jill Stein says she's dropping her bid for vote recount in Pennsylvania. url.
Warehouse of fatal party fire was cited for "illegal interior building structure," according to property records. url.
t least nine people were killed in a building fire in Oakland, California, Fire Chief Teresa Deloach Reed says. url.
China's foreign minister calls Trump-Tsai phone call "a shenanigan by the Taiwan side." url url.
Nearly 600 patients at Wisconsin V medical center may have been exposed to HIV, hepatitis url url.
Deliberations to resume Monday in murder trial of former South Carolina police Officer Michael Slager url.
Trump speaks with Taiwan's President on Friday, a move that could heighten diplomatic tensions with China. url.
Howard Dean drops his bid to chair the DNC, citing "other priorities" and a "possibly divisive" race. url.
Man suspected in killing of ex-NFLer released from custody, authorities say url url.
s the death toll for the Gatlinburg-area fire rises, Tennessee officials release names of some of the dead url.
Michigan's attorney general says he has filed a request with the state supreme court to stop the election recount url.
Nearly three times as many Iraqi troops died fighting ISIS in November as in October, UN figures show url.
UN apologizes for not doing enough to stop a cholera epidemic in Haiti, an outbreak blamed on the url url.
Donald Trump confirms retired Gen. James Mattis as his nominee for Defense Secretary during a rally in Ohio. Watch: url.
Former Jets RB Joe McKnight was fatally shot in Louisiana after an argument at an intersection, local media report. url.
Howard Schultz, the visionary leader of Starbucks, will be stepping down next year as CEO of the iconic coffee gian url.
French President Francois Hollande says he will not seek re-election amid low approval ratings of his time in offic url.
Buzz ldrin, second man on the moon, is being evacuated from South Pole due to medical emergency url.
Man who killed Tacoma, W, cop and had been using children as a shield during standoff is dead, police say url.
Colombia's Congress has approved a historic peace agreement that will lead to the disarming of rebels. url.
Kanye West has been released from the hospital after being admitted on November 22, a source tells CNN. url.
Carrier says it received state incentives to keep more than 1,000 jobs in Indiana, where Mike Pence is governor url.
Officials recover 3 more bodies of people killed in TN wildfires, bringing the death toll to 7, authorities say. url.
The pilot of the plane that crashed Monday in Colombia had told controllers the plane was out of fuel, sources say. url.
The man who invented the Big Mac, Michael Delligatti, has died at 98, McDonald's says url url.
Mecklenburg County, N.C. district attorney: Charlotte cop acted lawfully in fatal shooting of Keith Lamont Scott url.
Trump says he will remove himself completely from his businesses to focus on the presidency. url url.
A tornado tore through labama &amp; killed 3 people and injured multiple others, officials say. url.
uthorities investigate whether fuel starvation was factor in Monday's deadly plane crash in Colombia. url.
National Park Service: Fire that sparked Tennessee wildfires, which burnt nearly 15,000 acres, was "human-caused." url.
Carrier says it has reached a deal with Donald Trump that will keep nearly 1,000 factory jobs in Indiana. url.
Trump is expected to announce billionaire investor Wilbur Ross as pick for Commerce secretary, sources tell CNN. url.
Trump to name former Goldman Sachs partner Steven Mnuchin as next Treasury secretary, sources tell CNN. url.
Colombia aviation spokeswoman updates death toll from Monday's plane crash to 71. Initial reports had 75 dead. url.
Gatlinburg Mayor Mike Werner, who apparently lost home to wildfires: People "basically running for their lives." url.
Officials say at least 3 people are dead as a result of the raging wildfires in Sevier County, Tennessee. url.
Ohio State University attacker bdul Razak li rtan likely inspired by ISIS and nwar al-wlaki, authorities say. url.
Black boxes from plane that crashed in Colombia have been found, according to civil aviation authority url.
Gatlinburg-area officials say more than 250 structures damaged by Tennessee wildfires, but worst may be over url.
Trump selects Elaine Chao, former Labor Secretary, as Transportation Secretary, an official says url.
dvancing fire forces the evacuation of a Gatlinburg, Tennessee, aquarium, but 1,500 animals are still inside. url.
Obamacare critic Tom Price is Trump's pick for health secretary. url url.
uthorities find a sixth survivor of a plane crash in Colombia. The man was found under the fuselage, official says. url.
uthorities say 76 people are confirmed dead after a plane carrying a soccer team crashed in Colombia. url.
9 members of the Philippines President's security team were hurt after their convoy was hit by an explosive device. url.
Embattled South Korean President Park Geun-hye says she will resign if thatos what countryos parliament decides. url.
A plane carrying 72 passengers and nine crew members was in an accident near Rionegro, Colombia, officials say. url.
Thailand's parliament says now is an appropriate time for Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn to assume the url.
Bleaching caused by warmer water has destroyed 67% of ustralia's Great Barrier Reef, according to new report. url.
Donald Trump selects url Rep. Tom Price to lead Department of Health and Human Services, sources tell CNN. url.
Evacuations under way near Gatlinburg, Tennessee, as high winds hamper firefighters' efforts to quell wildfires. url.
Uber drivers, fast food employees and airport workers among groups protesting Tuesday for $15 hourly minimum wage url.
Facebook page believed to belong to Ohio State attacker had grievances about attacks on Muslims, authorities say. url.
Ohio State University officials credit Officer lan Horujko, who fatally shot suspect before he could hurt others. url.
uthorities identify suspect in Ohio State attack as bdul Razak li rtan, a 18-year-old student at the university url.
Homeopathic children's ear relief and teething relief treatments recalled because they contain belladonna extract url.
Jill Stein and supporters officially file petition for election recount in Pennsylvania url url.
Wisconsin officials say they'll oversee fast recount of presidential election results -- but it won't be by hand url.
A suspect is dead after active shooter reported at Ohio State University, local media say url url.
Several people transported to hospital after report of active shooter at Ohio State University url.
Ohio State University reports active shooter on campus url.
Judge gives OK for Dylann Roof, charged with killing 9 at Charleston church, to represent himself at trial url.
A giant sinkhole that was hastily repaired in Japan earlier this month is showing signs of movement. url.
A freak illness known as thunderstorm asthma has now killed at least six people in ustralia. url.
Improvised explosive device found near US embassy in Manila, Philippines, was detonated by police on Monday. url.
9 people arrested in connection to incident at Chinese power plant that killed 74 last week, state news agency says. url.
rmy Corps of Engineers: No plans to remove Dakota Pipeline protesters by force, but they stay at their own risk. url.
Saturday's Powerball ticket worth $421M was sold in Lafayette, Tennessee -- the state's 2nd largest jackpot ever. url.
Trump alleges he would have won popular vote if "millions of people" hadn't voted illegally for Hillary Clinton url.
Former French Prime Minister Francois Fillon will lead country's Republican party after winning runoff on Sunday. url.
More than 80% of mericans say US more deeply divided on major issues than in past several years, CNN/ORC poll says. url.
ctor Ron Glass, known for his role on the police sitcom "Barney Miller," has died, his agent says. url.
23 people detained on suspicion of arson after wildfires scorched central and northern Israel this week. url.
Trump calls recount effort launched by Green Party and joined by Clinton campaign a "scam." url url.
Hillary Clinton's campaign says it will take part in efforts to push for recounts in several key states. url.
Trump notes "the passing of a brutal dictator," expresses hope that Cubans can finally live in freedom. url.
Vladimir Putin sends condolences to Cuba, says Fidel Castro was a ureliable friend of Russia.u url.
Fidel Castro's funeral will be December 4, after 9 days of mourning, Cuban state media report. url.
Revelers spilled into the streets of Miami after the death of Fidel Castro. url url.
The remains of Fidel Castro will be cremated early Saturday, Cuban leader Raul Castro says. url url.
The death of Fidel Castro was announced by his brother, President Raul Castro, on Cuban TV. url url.
Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro has died, state media report. He was 90. url url.
rmy Corps of Engineers orders North Dakota pipeline protesters to leave campsite or face arrest. url.
Wisconsin elections board says it has petition from Green Party and Jill Stein, and will prep presidential recount. url.
Officials in Mexico sending more security forces to Guerrero after 32 bodies were found in hidden graves. url.
Donald McGahn, general counsel for Donald Trump's campaign, chosen to be his White House counsel. url.
President-elect Donald Trump picks KT McFarland to serve as deputy national security adviser. url.
Dylann Roof is competent to stand trial in last year's Charleston church shootings, judge rules. url.
Serial killer who drugged and murdered four men he met on gay dating websites has been jailed for life. url.
China orders millions of residents in Xinjiang to surrender their passports to local police. url.
t least 1 dead after armed intruder forces his way into monks' retirement home in France, government official says url.
Shooting at annual Thanksgiving flag football game leaves 2 dead. url url.
7.0-magnitude earthquake has struck off the coast of Central merica, US Geological Survey says. url.
t least 40 people were killed after a platform collapsed at a Chinese power plant, state news agency Xinhua says. url.
A 6th child has died from injuries sustained in Monday's school bus crash in Chattanooga, TN, police say. url.
Wayne State University police officer dies from a gunshot wound suffered Tuesday in Detroit, school says. url.
Police holding briefing on fatal bus crash say no trace of alcohol or drugs detected in driveros system. url.
US Navyos $4 billion cutting-edge destroyer malfunctions in Panama Canal. url url.
On the rise since Donald Trump's election, mortgage rates pushed past 4% for the first time this year. url.
Betsy DeVos, a top GOP donor and school-choice activist, picked to head Dept. of Education, Trump team says. url.
Iran's yatollah li Khamenei says his country will react if the US renews sanctions against the Islamic Republic. url.
Japan &amp; South Korea, once bitter enemies, agreed to their closest military co-operation since end of World War II. url.
Cambodia court rejects Khmer Rouge leaders' appeal against conviction. url.
Colombian government, FRC say they will sign a new, revised peace deal on Thursday. url url.
Obama reduces sentences of 79 more inmates, marking his 1,000th commutation. url.
King of karaoke James Corden tapped to host 2017 Grammy wards, CBS announces. url.
Hurricane Otto forms in southern Caribbean, NHC announces, just before hurricane season ends on Nov. 30. url.
Trump says he has respect for New York Times at meeting, but claims he's been treated "very rough" by reporters. url.
Driver involved in fatal Chattanooga school bus accident went 'well above' speed limit, according to affidavit. url.
Trump changes mind, will meet with New York Times today after backing out of initial meeting. url.
Trump administration will not pursue further investigations of Hillary Clinton, according to aide Kellyanne Conway. url.
UK rejects Trump's call to make Nigel Farage US ambassador url.
School bus driver faces charges after at least 6 children were killed in a Chattanooga bus crash, officials say. url.
Kanye West is under observation at a Los ngeles hospital after the cancellation of his concert tour. url.
t least 17 people are dead in China after a crash involving 56 cars. url url.
US State Department issues a travel alert for Europe after French officials thwarted an ISIS-linked terror plot. url.
t least 6 children are dead in a school bus crash in Chattanooga, Tennessee, district attorney's office says. url.
In a video, Donald Trump outlines a policy plan for his first 100 days as president. url url.
The suspect in the fatal shooting of a San ntonio police officer has been arrested, the city's police chief said url.
Multiple people were killed after a school bus crashed in Chattanooga, Tennessee, official said. url.
Japan Meteorological gency says a tsunami has been observed offshore after a major earthquake hit. url.
A tsunami warning is in effect for Japan's Fukushima Prefecture after a 7.3-magnitude earthquake struck off Honshu. url.
Workers at Chicago O'Hare International irport announced they will go on strike November 29. url.
Police on high alert after four officers were shot in separate incidents during 24-hour span on Sunday. url.
Pope Francis grants Catholic priests right to url abortion. url.
A suicide bomb attack in Kabul has killed at least 20 people. url.
St. Louis Police killed a gunman they say ambushed an officer in a shooting on Sunday, authorities say. url.
Police and about 400 people who were protesting the Dakota ccess Pipeline clashed. url.
St. Louis Police are searching for a gunman who they say ambushed an officer in a shooting. url.
A special police unit will be created in NY to counter the spike in hate crimes since Election Day, Gov. Cuomo said url.
Germany's Chancellor ngela Merkel announces she will seek a fourth term in the country's elections next year. url.
A San ntonio police officer was fatally shot in the head while writing a ticket, the city's police chief said. url.
Donald Trump considering retired Marine Gen. James Mattis as secretary of defense, says he's "the real deal." url.
A renewed blitz on Syria's eastern leppo has killed almost 300 people in five days, rescuers say. url.
Death toll in train derailment near Indian city of Kanpur rises to at least 95, and officials say it may go higher. url.
t least 40 people killed when train derails near India's northern city of Kanpur, officials say. url.
Sabra recalls some hummus products and spreads due to possible Listeria contamination, FD says. url.
US Rep. Danny Davis of Illinois announced today his 15-year-old grandson was shot to death during a home invasion. url.
Trump tweets VP-elect Mike Pence was 'harassed' by 'Hamilton' cast for remarks made during curtain call Friday. url.
'We truly hope this show has inspired you': 'Hamilton' cast addresses Vice President-elect Mike Pence from stage url.
Sharon Jones, the lead singer with the band Dap-Kings, has died at the age of 60. url url.
Z cop put on administrative leave after cellphone video showed him punching a woman in the face during arrest. url.
Donald Trump has agreed to pay $25 million to settle three lawsuits against Trump University. url.
Zika is no longer considered a public health emergency of international concern, the World Health Organization says url.
Trump offers retired rmy Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn the role of national security adviser, transition official says url.
NJ train engineer in fatal crash had undiagnosed sleep apnea, lawyer says. url.
url pays $264 million to settle charges of a 'systematic bribery scheme' aimed at winning business in China. url.
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper says he submitted his letter of resignation Wednesday night. url.
Iraqi security forces discovered two mass graves near the city of Mosul containing around 250 bodies, police say. url.
Kosovo police say they prevented planned synchronized terror attacks, one targeting Israel's national soccer team. url.
Draft-ending former Secretary of Defense Melvin Laird dies. Laird was 94. url.
Trump's considering SC Gov. Nikki Haley for secretary of state despite their rocky history, a source says. url.
Sen. Lindsey Graham calls for investigation into alleged Russian cyberhacks during US election. url.
Ex-Southwest irlines employee who killed coworker quit in 2015 under suspicion of being impaired by alcohol at work url.
name successfully lobbied his GOP colleagues to postpone a vote on a proposal to bring back earmarks. url.
Bob Dylan will not travel to Sweden to receive his Nobel Prize for Literature, the Swedish cademy says. url.
Minnesota officer who fatally shot Philando Castile during a traffic stop charged with second-degree manslaughter. url.
Tram involved in last week's deadly crash in London was going more than 3 times the speed limit, investigators say. url.
2 trains derailed after colliding Wednesday morning in central Florida, Marion County Sheriff's Office and CSX say. url.
Russia to withdraw from International Criminal Court on President Vladimir Putin's orders. url url.
200 people hospitalized with breathing difficulties in Tennessee as wildfires scorched across Southeast. url.
Suicide attack near Defense Ministry in Kabul killed at least 4 people, hurt 11, fghan official says. url.
The suspect in the shooting at an Oklahoma City airport has been found dead in a vehicle, police said. url.
A mayor and county official in West Virginia are out after making racist comments about Michelle Obama on Facebook. url.
A Southwest irlines employee who was shot at an airport in Oklahoma City has died, the airline said. url.
One person has been shot at an airport in Oklahoma City, according to the city's police department. url.
House Democrats delay leadership election until November 30. url url.
Egyptian court overturns death sentence given to ousted President Mohamed Morsy, url url.
Obama arrives in Europe with conciliatory message on Trump. url.
German authorities are carrying out raids on targets connected with an Islamic Salafist url police say. url.
Disagreements over key Cabinet appointments have split Trump's transition team; one source calls it a "knife fight. url.
SEC Chair Mary Jo White says she will step down at the end of the Obama administration. url url.
Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump spoke by phone Monday, discussing shared threats and strategic economic issues url.
Obama says Trump expressed to him a commitment to NTO, despite campaign trail rhetoric. Watch: url.
Jury finds Justin Ross Harris guilty of murder in death of 22-month-old son, who was locked in hot car for 7 hours. url.
This year is "very likely" to be the hottest on record, the United Nations weather agency says. url.
Swedish prosecutor questions Julian ssange, who WikiLeaks said gave a statement on sexual assault allegations. url.
Trump told Chris Christie in 2015 he expected to drop out that fall, Christie adviser says in CNNos "Unprecedented" url.
China's leader spoke with US President-elect Donald Trump to congratulate him on his election victory. url.
Pioneering woman Chinese fighter pilot Yu Xu killed in an accident, according to Chinese state-run media. url.
ustralia says it will transfer hundreds of refugees to the US in a 'one-off' deal. url.
Iowa upsets No. 3 Michigan on last-second field goal. url.
No. 20 USC knocks off No. 4 Washington. url.
Unranked Pitt upsets No. 2 Clemson url.
ISIS claims responsibility for suicide bomb attack that killed at least 45 people at a religious shrine in Pakistan url.
"Mistrial declared in the case of ex-University of Cincinnati cop.
who fatally shot motorist.
in 2015. url.
Four mericans were killed in attack in fghanistan, Defense Secretary sh Carter said. url url.
Taliban claims attack that killed at least 4 at Bagram air base in fghanistan. url url.
3 killed, 13 injured in explosion at Bagram irfield in fghanistan, local official says. url url.
President-elect Trump appears open to compromise on Obamacare, he tells hashtag url.
Robert Vaughn, who played a spy on TV's "The Man From U.N.C.L.E.," died Friday, according to his manager. url.
Police in Portland call anti-Trump protests a riot, saying projectiles thrown at officers and cars damaged. url.
Senior ISIS commander killed in coalition airstrike, Iraqi military sources say. url.
Singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen has died at 82, according to a post on his official Facebook page. url.
Officer killed, another wounded in shooting outside Pittsburgh-area home; school canceled amid manhunt. url.
President-elect Donald Trump arrives in DC area to meet with President Obama at White House. Watch: url.
Giuliani on whether Trump would follow up on campaign talk of prosecuting Clinton: "It's a tough decision." url.
nti-Trump protests build in several US cities url url.
ctor Brad Pitt has been cleared of wrongdoing by officials after a child abuse investigation, a source said url.
GOP senator Kelly yotte concedes to Democratic challenger Maggie Hassan in the race for her US Senate seat in NH url.
House Speaker Paul Ryan: President-elect Donald Trump "heard a voice out in this country that no one else heard" url.
President Obama will discuss election results, next steps for country at 12:15 p.m. ET, the White House says. url.
Update: Hillary Clinton will deliver remarks at 10:30 a.m. ET, according to her campaign. url url.
Hillary Clinton will deliver remarks at 9:30 a.m. ET following her loss to Donald Trump for the presidency. url.
Obama spoke to President-elect Trump Wednesday to congratulate him on his victory, White House says. url.
BREKING: Clinton will win 3 of Maineos 4 electoral votes; Trump receives 1, CNN projects url url.
BREKING: Donald Trump will win the White House, making him the 45th US president, CNN projects url.
BREKING: Republicans will retain control of the US Senate, CNN projects url url.
BREKING: Donald Trump will win rizona, CNN projects url hashtag url.
BREKING: Hillary Clinton has called Donald Trump to concede the race, sources tell CNN url.
BREKING: Donald Trump will win Wisconsinos 10 electoral votes, CNN projects url hashtag url.
BREKING: Donald Trump will win laskaos 3 electoral votes, CNN projects url hashtag url.
Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton 244-215 in the race to 270 electoral votes. Follow results on CNN url.
BREKING: Donald Trump will win Utahos 6 electoral votes, CNN projects url hashtag url.
BREKING: Hillary Clinton will win Nevadaos 6 electoral votes, CNN projects url hashtag url.
Races too close to call: P (pictured below), MI, NH, WI url hashtag url.
Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton 238-209 in the race to 270 electoral votes. Follow results on CNN url.
BREKING: Donald Trump will win Iowaos 6 electoral votes, CNN projects url hashtag url.
BREKING: Republican hold: Ron Johnson re-elected to Senate in Wisconsin url hashtag url.
BREKING: Donald Trump will win url 16 electoral votes, CNN projects url hashtag url.
Donald Trump now leads Hillary Clinton 216-209 in the race to 270 electoral votes. Follow results on CNN url.
BREKING: Hillary Clinton will win Washingtonos 12 electoral votes, CNN projects url url.
BREKING: Donald Trump will win Floridaos 29 electoral votes, CNN projects url hashtag url.
Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump 197-187 in the race to 270 electoral votes. Follow results on CNN url.
BREKING: Clinton will win Oregon, CNN projects. Trump gets an additional electoral vote in Nebraska url.
BREKING: Donald Trump will win battleground North Carolinaos 15 electoral votes, CNN projects url.
Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump 190-171 in the race to 270 electoral votes. Follow results on CNN url.
BREKING: Clinton will win California, Hawaii; Trump will win Idaho, CNN projects url url.
Hillary Clinton will win Coloradoos 9 electoral votes, CNN projects url hashtag url.
BREKING: Republican hold: Richard Burr re-elected to Senate in North Carolina url url.
BREKING: Hillary Clinton will win Virginiaos 13 electoral votes, CNN projects url url.
Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton 167-109 in the race to 270 electoral votes. Follow results on CNN url.
BREKING: Donald Trump will win battleground state of Ohio and its 18 electoral votes, CNN projects url.
Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton 149-109 in the race to 270 electoral votes. Follow results on CNN url.
BREKING: Clinton will win New Mexico; Trump will win Missouri, CNN projects url hashtag url.
BREKING: Donald Trump will win Montanaos 3 electoral votes, CNN projects url hashtag url.
Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton 136-104 in the race to 270 electoral votes. Follow results on CNN url.
BREKING: Republicans will retain control of the US House, CNN projects url hashtag url.
BREKING: Clinton will win Connecticut; Trump will win Louisiana, CNN projects cnn.it./results hashtag url.
Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton 128-97 in the race to 270 electoral votes. Follow results on CNN url.
BREKING: Donald Trump will win Texas and rkansas, CNN projects url hashtag url.
BREKING: Clinton will win NY; Trump will win KS, ND, SD, WY and 3 of 5 electoral votes in NE, CNN projects url.
BREKING: Republican Todd Young will win the Indiana Senate seat, CNN projects, a key hold for the GOP url.
One person killed, two wounded in shooting near L-area polling station url.
Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump 68-66 in the race to 270 electoral votes. Follow results on CNN url.
BREKING: Donald Trump will win South Carolina and labama, CNN projects url hashtag url.
Republican Marco Rubio will keep his Florida Senate seat, CNN projects url hashtag url.
Races too close to call: FL (pictured below), NC, NH, OH, P and V url hashtag url.
Weore projecting hashtag results in real-time on the name uaua hashtag Watch live: url.
Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump 68-48 in the race to 270 electoral votes. Follow results on CNN url.
BREKING: Clinton will win DE, DC, IL, MD, M, NJ, RI; Trump will win OK, MS and TN, CNN projects url.
Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton 24-3 in the race to 270 electoral votes. Follow results on CNN url.
BREKING: Donald Trump will win West Virginiaos 5 electoral votes, CNN projects url hashtag url.
Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton 19-3 in the race to 270 electoral votes. Follow results on CNN url.
BREKING: Trump will win KY and IN; Clinton will win VT, CNN projects url hashtag url.
BREKING: L-area polling station on lockdown after shots nearby; at least two people were wounded url.
Eric Trump may have broken law with ballot tweet. url.
Trump lawyers file lawsuit over early voting in Nevada. url.
Orlando negotiates deal to buy Pulse nightclub and turn it into a memorial for the 49 killed, city spokeswoman says url.
Suspected coordinator of Paris and Brussels attacks ID'd; likely directed them from Syria, intelligence source says. url.
East Coast polls open as mericans cast their verdicts on Clinton &amp; Trump after an acrimonious campaign. url.
Former British banker found guilty of murders of two young Indonesian women. url.
Gigantic sinkhole opened in Japan, swallowing huge sections of road including traffic lights. url.
Jury orders Rolling Stone and writer of discredited campus rape article to pay UV administrator $3M for defamation url.
Third body found on property belonging to South Carolina man accused of kidnapping and murder, official says. url.
A mass grave with remains of 100 beheaded civilians has been found in a school south of Mosul, Iraq's military says url.
US, Turkey agree on plan to seize and govern de facto ISIS capital of Raqqa in Syria, US Defense Department says url.
Janet Reno, US attorney general under President Bill Clinton, died after battle with Parkinson's, her sister says. url.
Deputy killed in officer-involved shooting in Byron, url officials say. url url.
FBI director says agency is still of the opinion that Clinton should not face charges after review of new emails. url.
Utah police officer killed after vehicle struck him during a pursuit; 3 suspects in custody, police say. url.
US-backed forces in Syria say they're launching an operation to seize Raqqa, ISIS' de facto capital. url.
Man accused of kidnapping a woman and chaining her up for 2 months confessed to killing 4 people, sheriff says. url.
No weapon found after Donald Trump was rushed off stage during Nevada rally, law enforcement official tells CNN. url.
GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump rushed off stage at Nevada rally. Itos not immediately clear what happened. url.
EXCLUSIVE: CNN's firsthand account of an all-out ISIS assault in Mosul, leaving crew trapped and hiding with family url.
US investigating operation in Kunduz that left 30 fghan civilians and 2 merican service members dead this week. url.
Chibok schoolgirl kidnapped by Boko Haram in 2014 has been found by the Nigerian army. url.
NYPD sergeant dies after a shooting in the Bronx, spokesperson says. Suspect also killed. url url.
Body found on rural SC farm where woman was found chained inside shipping container. url.
2 NY officers shot in the Bronx, according to a police department tweet. Their condition is unknown. url.
3 US service members shot dead at Jordan airbase, US official tells CNN. 1 killed at base, 2 others died at hospita url.
Jury finds Rolling Stone liable for defamation over discredited story about gang rape at University of Virginia. url.
CDC reports the first US cases of drug-resistant fungal infection. url.
2 former allies of Gov. Chris Christie were found guilty on all charges in connection with Bridgegate lane closures url.
US service member killed, 2 others injured when they were shot outside airbase in Jordan, US official says. url.
Missing woman found chained "like a dog" inside metal container in rural SC, sheriff says. url url.
7 new carcinogens identified by Dept. of Health and Human Services url.
Defense files a motion for a mistrial in Bridgegate. url.
Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years, Iraqi Defense Ministry says. url.
UK government must hold vote in Parliament before triggering formal Brexit process, court rules. url.
Cubs win World Series, beating Indians 8-7, winning 3 straight games to end 108-year title drought. url.
Jury seated in trial of Michael Slager, S.C. ex-cop charged in 2015 death of motorist Walter Scott. url.
Gawker, wrestler Hulk Hogan reach settlement after 4-year court battle left media company bankrupt. url.
CNN/ORC battleground poll: Trump ahead in Nevada, rizona; Clinton up in Florida, Pennsylvania. url.
Police say Scott Michael Greene, suspect in Iowa ambush shootings that killed 2 officers, has been captured. url.
Police identify suspect in Iowa ambush shootings that killed two officers as Scott Michael Greene. url.
2 officers killed in two separate ambush shootings near Des Moines, Iowa, police say. Suspect is at large. url.
A new official report says hashtag was spiraling fast in its final moments. url.
Is the curse about to end? Cubs force World Series Game 7. url.
India and Pakistan report 13 civilians killed in cross-border shelling in disputed Kashmir region url.
t least 3 people were killed when a school bus and a commuter bus crashed in Baltimore, police say. url.
US Navy sending nuclear missile sub to Guam for first time since late 1980s amid high tensions in region. url.
Smog chokes Delhi after Diwali celebrations. url url.
15 miners killed and 18 missing in gas explosion at coal mine in southwest China. url.
Iraqi special forces will enter ISIS-controlled Mosul in a "matter of hours," Iraqi official says. url.
Veterinarian says he contracted tuberculosis from a wildebeest. url url.
Turkey arrests 13 journalists in ongoing wave of crackdowns following the coup attempt in July. url.
Oklahoma fugitive Michael Dale Vance, Jr. was killed in a shootout Sunday night, FBI official says. url.
A tiny skin patch may help treat peanut allergies, a new study says. url url.
The Chicago Cubs beat the Cleveland Indians 3-2 in Game 5 of the World Series, which the Indians lead 3 games to 2. url.
DOJ has yet to approach Huma bedinos lawyers about her email. Sources earlier said talks were underway. url.
DOJ and FBI meet with lawyers for Clinton aide Huma bedin to allow a full search of new emails, sources tell CNN. url.
t least 20 injured after powerful earthquake strikes central Italy on Sunday. url url.
Indians beat Cubs 7-2 in Game 4 of World Series. url url.
Marlins pitcher Jose Fernandez had cocaine in his system when he died in boat crash, medical examiner's office says url.
Suspected female Boko Haram suicide bombers kill 9, injure 24 in two Nigeria blasts, reports say. url.
Cleveland Indians win Game 3, take a 2-1 World Series lead. url url.
Emails that led to new FBI Clinton probe were sent or received by top Clinton aide Huma bedin, official says. url.
8 injured after plane caught fire on Chicago runway, merican irlines spokeswoman says. url.
Officials: Emails prompting new review of Clinton server were on device examined in nthony Weiner investigation. url.
A runway at O'Hare International irport in Chicago is closed due to a disabled aircraft, F says. url.
Supreme Court to take up case of transgender high school student seeking to use boys' bathroom. url.
FBI director tells Congress investigators discovered new emails upertinentu to Clinton probe. url.
Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk apologizes for his remarks about opponent Tammy Duckworth's heritage and military history. url.
A plane carrying Republican VP nominee Mike Pence skidded off a runway at LaGuardia irport. There were no injuries url.
Dakota ccess Pipeline protesters set fire to tires, debris as authorities try to remove them from the area. url.
uthorities begin removing protesters on private property during Dakota ccess Pipeline demonstrations. url.
pple unveils first new MacBook Pro in 4 years, which adds a touchpad to the top of the keyboard. url.
Twitter to shut down mobile video service Vine amid staffing cuts url url.
Man fatally shot outside U.S. embassy in Kenya. url.
CNN updates its electoral college map to move 2 states in Trump's direction, from "lean Democratic" to battleground url.
NTO bolsters presence in eastern Europe as Russia tension rises. url.
The Cubs have evened the World Series at a game apiece. url.
Protests erupt in Venezuela calling for presidential recall vote; one officer killed, official says. url.
A more powerful earthquake strikes central Italy just a few hours after 5.5 magnitude quake struck same region. url.
Donald Trump tells name that he will ramp up personal donations to his campaign in the coming days url.
2016 is the deadliest year yet for migrants crossing the Mediterranean, with at least 3,800 deaths, UN agency says. url.
The Top 10 CNN Heroes of 2016 have been revealed. Each will get $10,000 and be eligible for CNN Hero of the Year. url.
ISIS kidnapped and killed 30 people in fghanistan, who had gone to collect wood, local official says. url.
Cleveland Indians beat Chicago Cubs 6-0 to win first game of World Series. url.
pplei's annual sales fall for the first time since 2001 url url.
New York Giants release kicker Josh Brown, days after police evidence indicated he admitted abusing his wife. url.
CNN/ORC poll: Most mericans think Clinton will win the election and that Trump won't concede. url.
Vatican says Catholics can be cremated, but ashes should be kept in 'sacred place,' not scattered. url.
Workers in France begin demolishing "Jungle" migrant camp, a long-recognized symbol of Europe's refugee crisis. url.
Four adults have been killed in an incident at a theme park in Queensland, ustralia, police said in a statement. url.
Death toll rises to 44 in attack on police training academy in Pakistan, government says. url url.
More than 20 killed when gunmen attacked a police academy in Pakistan; area cleared of attackers, official says. url.
Judge sentences former Pennsylvania G Kathleen Kane to 10 to 23 months in prison for perjury and obstruction. url.
Multiple police officers injured in attack at Pakistani police training academy, government spokesman says. url.
2 killed, 2 Oklahoma officers shot, manhunt underway url.
Five people have been killed in a plane crash in Malta, the Malta International irport has confirmed. url.
Tom Hayden, a peace activist whose radical views helped spur the 1960s anti-Vietnam War movement, has died. url.
2 injured when a small group of inmates at a North Carolina prison set 2 separate fires. url.
Highway 1806 near Dakota ccess Pipeline protest reopens after demonstrators remove blockade, officials say. url.
Trump urges supporters to oreelect Republicans all over the placeo in rare call for party unity Sunday. url.
Hundreds block highway, law enforcement shoots down othreateningo drone amid Dakota ccess Pipeline protests. url.
Tour bus that crashed into a freight truck in California resulted in 13 fatalities and 31 injuries, official says. url.
Tour bus, tractor-trailer collide near Palm Springs, C. Up to 10 people killed, according to CNN affiliate KESQ. url.
ISIS kills 40 villagers after Iraqi forces leave, Mosul official says, citing local sources. url.
Junko Tabei, the first woman to climb Mount Everest, has died at age 77, Japanese media reports say. url.
Iraqi forces have taken control of the Christian town of Hamdaniya from ISIS militants, a commander said. url.
Somali pirates release 26 hostages after nearly five years in captivity, according to a group involved in mediation url.
174 inmates escape from a prison in Haiti following a riot during which a guard was killed, authorities said. url.
Chicago Cubs defeat L.. Dodgers 5-0 to win NLCS and advance to their first World Series since 1945. url.
83 people arrested at Dakota ccess Pipeline protest, North Dakota authorities say url.
Donald Trump vows to sue the women who have accused him of sexual misconduct. url url.
The sign marking where the body of slain teen Emmett Till was found in 1955 has been riddled with bullet holes. url.
Rescuers came to the aid of 3,300 migrants and refugees off the coast of Libya, the Italian coast guard said. url.
White powder that was sent to Clinton campaign office in New York tests negative for harmful substances. url.
n rizona official lassoed an emu that was spotted running on Interstate 10 near Phoenix. url url.
NYPD investigating an envelope with a white powdery substance found at Clinton campaign HQ in New York. url.
bout 50 people died and 300 were injured after an overloaded train derailed in central Cameroon, authorities said. url.
Standup comedian and actor Kevin Meaney, who made numerous appearances on late-night TV, has died, his agent said. url.
ISIS executed 284 men and boys as coalition forces closed in on Mosul, Iraqi intelligence source says. url.
LinkedIn hacking suspect ID'd by feds; grand jury issues criminal indictment against 29-year-old Russian. url.
Ex-police chief of Iguala, Mexico, arrested, officials say. He was wanted in 2014 disappearance of 43 students. url.
Gov. Chris Christie's former deputy chief of staff breaks her long silence about the "Bridgegate" scandal. url.
London City irport declared safe after reports of a chemical incident spurred an evacuation, fire officials said. url.
26 people being treated for difficulty breathing after London City irport evacuation. url.
London City irport evacuated after passengers reported feeling sick, police said. url.
France to start clearing "The Jungle" refugee camp at Calais Monday. Thousands there can seek asylum or return home. url.
Government probing outage of a number of popular websites; appears to be a massive DDoS attack. url.
A chemical spill in tchison, Kansas, sent a plume into the air, spurring warnings from officials. url.
The UN says it is gravely worried that ISIS is using 550 families as human shields in Mosul. url url.
Top UN human rights official calls leppo bombardment a crime "of historic proportions." url url.
ISIS fighters attack Kirkuk, Iraq, sources say. ttack comes as Iraqi and Kurdish forces battle ISIS in Mosul url.
A 6.2-magnitude earthquake struck Japan, USGS says. No tsunami warning issued. No immediate reports of damage. url.
Surgeons successfully use nose cells to repair damaged knee joints in patients, study in journal Lancet says. url.
n 11th person has died due to a defective Takata air bag, federal regulators report url url.
"El Chapo" is one step closer to facing charges in US after Mexican federal judge ruled in favor of extraditing him url.
ISIS has moved dozens of Yazidi women it has enslaved out of Mosul, Iraq, human rights group says url.
Iraqi-led forces recapture about 39 square miles of territory in operation to free Mosul, Iraq, from ISIS control url.
Thousands of people in Buenos ires protest the rape and killing of a 16-year-old girl in rgentina. url.
Schiaparelli spacecraft has been lost on its descent to Mars, European Space gency says. url url.
Operation to take back Mosul from ISIS is going faster than expected, Iraqi PM says. url url.
Turkish air raid kills as many as 200 Kurdish militia north of leppo, Syria, according to Turkish state-run media. url.
Thailand's justice minister calls for "social measures" against people who insult the monarchy. url.
Donald Trump refuses to say he would accept the result of the election: "I will look at it at the time." url.
Undecided voters in Las Vegas assess Clinton and Trump in real time during tonightos Presidential Debate. url.
The Cleveland Indians advance to the World Series, defeating the Toronto Blue Jays 3-0 url url.
California is investigating Wells Fargo for alleged identity theft linked to the bank's fake accounts scandal url.
Spacecraft bound for Mars successfully entered planetos atmosphere, but scientists lost contact with it, agency says url.
CNN updates Road to 270 map: 2 states move to toss-up column; 2 lean Clinton's way. Watch debate tonight on CNN url.
Suspected ISIS suicide bomber killed by anti-terror forces in Turkey during shootout, state-run news agency says. url.
4 students, 3 male and 1 female, were shot in parking lot of a San Francisco high school, police say. url.
2 Iranian-mericans sentenced to prison for "cooperating with Iran's enemies," Iran's official news channel reports url.
Ecuador says it cut Internet access to WikiLeaks founder Julian ssange amid recent hackings of Clinton emails url.
Letter warned Wells Fargo of "widespread" fraud in 2007 url url.
The Nobel Prize panel has stopped knock, knock, knocking on Bob Dylan's door. url url.
Philippines' top court postponed decision on whether to grant former dictator Ferdinand Marcos a hero's burial. url.
UN investigator: Strict secrecy laws &amp; harassment by officials are creating "atmosphere of fear" in ustralia. url.
Iraqi troops battling ISIS have thwarted several suicide car bombs south of Mosul, Iraqi army says. url.
Melania Trump says her husband was egged on by Billy Bush when he made sexually aggressive remarks url.
Melania Trump sits down with nderson Cooper -- watch C360 on CNN at 8 p.m. ET on Monday. url url.
Man whose murder conviction in 1957 cold case was thrown out asks judge to clear his name. url url.
New CNN/ORC polls in key states suggest Trump edge in Ohio, Clinton inches ahead in Nevada and NC. url.
Man in Florida sentenced to 20 years in prison for a 2015 road rage incident involving url Zimmerman. url.
The Iraqi military says it has inflicted heavy losses on ISIS and made advances in southeast Mosul. url.
irstrikes killed at least 45 people in two neighborhoods in the Syrian city of leppo, activist group says. url.
Hoboken Terminal will operate Monday at full service for first time since deadly New Jersey commuter train crash. url.
The world's oldest panda in captivity has died in Hong Kong's Ocean Park. url.
FBI Director James Comey tells gathering of police chiefs that statistics donot point to a police shooting epidemic url.
oGod willing, we will meet soon on the ground of Mosul where we will all celebrate the liberation,o Iraqi PM says. url.
Military operation to liberate Mosul, the last ISIS stronghold in Iraq, has begun, Iraqi Prime Minister says. url.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-badi announces the odecisive battleo for Mosul will begin soon. url.
irstrikes take out bridge in Mosul, Iraq, witnesses say, as Iraqi-led coalition prepares offensive on city. url.
Egypt says it launched strikes on ISIS locations in Sinai to avenge its soldier who was killed in attack Friday. url.
2 men died after their speedboat flipped over during a boating event on the Potomac River, police say. url.
Ex-NFL player Dennis Byrd, who was paralyzed in on-field injury and later learned to walk, dies in car wreck, age 5 url.
4 people dead, driver injured, after pickup truck swerves off San Diego bridge onto crowded park 60 feet below. url.
Iraqi ir Force drops thousands of leaflets over Mosul to warn residents of looming offensive on the ISIS-held city url.
Officials now say it's unclear whether US destroyer was fired on near Yemen; radar malfunction possible. url.
Destroyer USS Mason fired on for the second time in a week by suspected rebels in Yemen, Navy says. url.
WikiLeaks releases apparent transcripts of 3 Clinton speeches to Goldman Sachs. url url.
Paul Ryan expresses confidence in electoral system in apparent rebuke to Trump's claim that election is 'rigged.' url.
Trump campaign cuts ties with Ohio GOP chairman weeks before election. url.
US says it has detected a failed North Korean ballistic missile launch. url url.
200 nations reach deal to cut use of HFCs, potent greenhouse gases used in refrigeration and air conditioning. url.
Pacific Northwest is bracing for a second storm aiming to pummel the coast today with intense wind and rain. url.
China will release the last known prisoner of the 1989 Tiananmen Square uprising, a human rights url says. url.
rmed assailants abduct US aid worker in Niger, and kill his bodyguard and a police officer, government source says url.
Nevada wildfire is burning out of control near Lake Tahoe, and has destroyed 22 homes, officials say. url.
Three men arrested, charged with plotting to bomb a mosque and apartment complex in Kansas, DOJ says. url.
Lawsuit filed by Sandy Hook families against gun manufacturer dismissed url.
Boko Haram commanders released as part of Chibok girls deal url url.
Surgeons in New York separate nias and Jadon McDonald, 13-month-old twins who were born conjoined at the head. url.
ssad says retaking leppo from rebels will be a springboard to uliberateu other parts of Syria, push out terrorist url.
Putin cancels trip to France in apparent snub to Hollande, who suggested Russia was guilty of war crimes in Syria. url.
fter hitting 3 radar facilities in Yemen, US officials say theyoll strike again if US forces are threatened. url.
"Yahoo's massive security breach could have meaningful financial impact on Verizon deal, according to reports.
url.
"Pro-skateboarder and model Dylan Rieder, has died at the age of 28, his father says..
url url.
In impassioned speech, Michelle Obama calls recently unearthed Trump comments beneath standards of human decency url.
The 2016 Nobel Prize for Literature goes to merican singer-songwriter Bob Dylan url url.
Boko Haram militants handed over 21 missing Chibok schoolgirls to Nigerian government, source says. url.
2 Boston cops shot and critically injured; suspect in body armor was killed in exchange of gunfire, officials say. url.
Syrian refugee suspected of planning bomb attack on Berlin airport commits suicide in detention, officials say. url.
2 ustralian teenagers charged with planning terror act and being members of terrorist group, ustralian police say. url.
3 US strikes hit radar sites in Yemen, Pentagon said, days after the USS Mason was targeted by missiles in Red Sea. url.
Two women say Trump touched them inappropriately, name reports. Trump denies report, threatens lawsuit. url.
CEO John Stumpf retires, Wells Fargo says, a stunning downfall for one of industry's most powerful banking figures. url.
US, Russia and other countries will meet Saturday for new talks on Syrian ceasefire, officials say. url.
Federal judge extends voter registration in Florida for one week due to Hurricane Matthew. url.
Obama on Trump tape: You don't have to be a husband or father, 'just a decent human being to say that's not right.' url.
Gunman opens fire in Shiite shrine in Kabul, fghanistan, killing 14 people url.
President Obama found tape of Trumpos sexually aggressive remarks orepugnant,o White House spokesman says. url.
Comcast hit with FCC's biggest cable fine ever url url.
Exclusive: Obama says US is partnering with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s. url url.
Putin cancels visit to France, Kremlin source says, after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes. url.
Chicago teachers avoid strike after reaching new deal. url.
Samsung alerts customers to turn off Galaxy Note 7 phones immediately, in light of spontaneous fires in the devices url.
Federal court extends FL voter registration due to Hurricane Matthew, after Gov. Rick Scott opposed the extension url.
RNC chair Reince Priebus reiterates support for Trump, saying the GOP and Trump's campaign are in full coordination url.
The 4-year-old Florida girl whose abduction set off mber lerts in five states has been found safe url.
Manhunt in Germany ended as police in Leipzig detained a Syrian man suspected of planning bomb attack. url.
Billy Bush suspended from the "Today" show, NBC News says. Unclear if he will ever return. url.
Widespread flooding expected for several days in North Carolina following Hurricane Matthew. url.
FromCNN's hashtag Before Bill Clinton's sex scandals became a weapon, Trump praised how Hillary handled them url.
Trump is "insecure enough that he pumps himself up by putting other people down," Obama says. url.
"Hurricane Matthew death toll rises to 14 in US:.
 7 in North Carolina.
 4 in Florida.
 3 in url url.
Suspect in custody for allegedly killing 2 Palm Springs police officers, Riverside County Sheriff's Office tweeted. url.
10 people in US have died in Hurricane Matthew, after more than 330 died in Haiti and 5 more elsewhere in Caribbean url.
"Pence is the anchor": GOP elders consider convincing Pence to drop out, pressuring Trump to quit, too. url.
Russia vetoes UNSC resolution that demanded halt to Syrian air attacks and called for access for humanitarian aid. url.
Suspect who fatally shot 2 police officers in Palm Springs, C, has not been captured, police say. url.
Two police officers killed, third wounded while responding to domestic disturbance in Palm Springs, C, police say. url.
John McCain withdraws support for Donald Trump following candidate's lewd comments. url url.
'It's sexual assault': Biden condemns Trump comments in which candidate brags about groping women. url.
Donald Trump to Howard Stern: It's okay to call my daughter a 'piece of ass.o hashtag url url.
Melania Trump: "The words my husband used are unacceptable and offensive to me." url url.
t least 155 killed in Saudi-led airstrikes that hit funeral home in Yemen's capital, health ministry officials say. url.
Donald Trump tells Wall Street Journal there is "zero chance I'll quit" presidential race. url.
Sen. Mike Crapo and Sen. Kelly yotte become first GOP senators to back away from Trump in wake of remarks. url.
Hurricane Matthew makes landfall southeast of McClellanville, South Carolina, National Hurricane Center says. url.
Hurricane Matthew has been downgraded to a Category 1 storm with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph. url.
German police are carrying out a major operation due to ususpected preparation of an attack with explosives." url.
Hurricane hashtag bringing dangerous storm surges to coastal url and South Carolina after pounding Florida. url.
Part of I-95 in South Carolina is impassable in both directions because of Hurricane hashtag , state DOT says. url.
'Sickened': Paul Ryan announces Donald Trump won't attend GOP event after news of nominee's lewd comments surfaced. url.
Mylan agrees to pay $465M in settlement over accusations of overcharging for Epipen. url.
Trump apologizes for 2005 footage in which he discusses women in especially vulgar terms. url url.
Matthew's center is 40 miles from St. ugustine, FL, with 115 mph winds - slightly weaker than earlier name says url.
"We're not going to know for three, four, five days what the ultimate effects of this (storm) are," name says. url.
More than 470,000 without power in Florida. Brevard, Volusia and Palm Beach counties have highest number of outages. url.
FL officials very concerned about storm surges. "Worst effects are still likely to come," Gov. Rick Scott said. url.
U.S. economy added 156,000 jobs last month and the unemployment rate ticked up to 5%, Labor Department says. url.
Hurricane Matthew has killed at least 271 people in Haiti, Civil Protection Service says. Toll expected to rise. url.
Matthew's center is 35 miles from Cape Canaveral, FL, with maximum sustained winds of 120 mph, name says. url.
Nobel Peace Prize goes to Colombian Pres. Juan Manuel Santos for efforts to end civil war with FRC guerrilla group url.
Eyewall of Hurricane Matthew is within 5 miles of Central FL coast near Cape Canaveral. Storm has winds of 120 mph. url.
Part of plane wing found in Mauritius confirmed as coming from missing plane MH370, ustralian officials said. url.
Hurricane Matthew is Cat. 3 storm with max sustained winds of 120 mph, National Hurricane Center says. url.
Brevard County Fire and Rescue says itos now too dangerous to respond to emergencies, tells people to stay inside. url.
National Weather Service issues dire warning, says hashtag will be unlike any hurricane in decades. url.
Latest hashtag update from NWS for Melbourne, FL, says locations may be uninhabitable for weeks or months. url.
The website for the National Hurricane Center is down. url url.
Haiti's death toll from Hurricane Matthew has risen to 264, government officials say. url url.
President Obama declares a state of emergency for South Carolina due to Hurricane Matthew url url.
Pakistan passes a law to correct a loophole that allowed perpetrators of "honor killings" to escape prosecution url.
Death toll in Haiti from Hurricane Matthew rises to 108, Civil Protection Service spokesman says url.
23 people died in Haiti due to Hurricane Matthew, according to the country's Civil Protection Service url.
Candidate to lead Britain's far-right UKIP party in serious condition after altercation at party meeting url.
Syrian military and allies take control of key neighborhood in leppo, state media said url url.
President Obama's approval rating stands at 55% in a new CNN/ORC poll, the highest mark of his second term. url.
Hurricane Matthew strengthening near NW Bahamas with maximum sustained winds of 125 mph, name says, url.
Barrel bomb struck Damascus center used by Syria's White Helmets, a volunteer rescue group, the group says. url.
s Hurricane Matthew sets its sights on US, more than 2M people urged to flee their homes. url.
Mandatory evacuation ordered for St. ugustine, Fla., ahead of Hurricane Matthew, authorities say. url.
Man wounded after opening fire on South Carolina cops who were directing hurricane evacuation traffic, official say url.
Suspect in custody after L County sheriff's sergeant was fatally shot during a burglary call, authorities say url.
The tlantic endorses Hillary Clinton, only the magazine's 3rd presidential endorsement in its 160-year history url.
The US rebukes Israel's plan to build new housing tracts in the West Bank, saying Israel broke its word url.
First hashtag exclusive: Donald Trump interviews models, takes Polaroids in 1994 Playboy video url.
State offices in 26 FL counties will be closed Thursday and Friday due to Hurricane Matthew, Gov. Rick Scott said url.
DOJ: NS contractor arrested in ugust for allegedly stealing secret intelligence. url.
Former Portuguese Prime Minister ntonio Guterres is poised to become the next UN secretary-general. url.
Hurricane Matthew could make landfall Friday morning on Florida's east coast, CNN meteorologist says. url.
Hurricane Matthew kills 10 across Caribbean; 2,700 Haitian families affected, agency says. url.
Two Brussels police officers stabbed in suspected terror attack, Federal Prosecutor's Office spokesman tells CNN. url.
Noble Prize in chemistry awarded to three scientists for their work on molecular machines url.
Watch as undecided voters in Virginia assess Pence &amp; Kaine in real time during the Vice Presidential Debate: url.
Eye of Hurricane Matthew made landfall near eastern tip of Cuba, National Hurricane Center says. url.
GOP publishes its 'Pence won' page ahead of tonight's debate. url.
Four people have died in the Dominican Republic as a result of Hurricane Matthew, government says. url.
"If you are able to leave early, leave now," FL Gov. tells state's east coast residents url url.
ctor Ben Stiller reveals he was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2014. url url.
url Gov. issues state of emergency in coastal counties ahead of Hurricane Matthew. url.
Newly released video shows teen shot by Los ngeles police over the weekend was armed, police chief says. url.
Maria Sharapova's 2-year drug ban reduced to 15 months on appeal. She'll be back in time for 2017 French Open. url.
Hurricane Matthew makes landfall in Haiti, National Hurricane Center says. Second landfall possible today. url.
ISIS claims responsibility for bombing that killed 22 and left dozens more injured at Kurdish wedding party in Syri url.
2 people have died in the last week due to Hurricane Matthew. The storm is on track to reach Haiti tonight. url.
US suspends talks with Russia over Syria url url.
Taliban troops seize center of Kunduz, strategically important city in northern fghanistan, elected official says url.
t least 7 people died and others were trapped as airstrikes destroyed hospital in leppo, opposition activists say url.
Japan's Yoshinori Ohsumi won Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for discoveries of mechanisms for autophagy. url.
6 people shot early Monday in two separate shootings in Minneapolis, Minnesota, police say. url.
Taliban launches major assault on fghan city of Kunduz, officials say. url.
Kim Kardashian West was held at gunpoint in her Paris hotel room Sunday night, according to her spokesperson. url.
Rapper Kanye West abruptly left his set early at Meadows Festival in NY after declaring "family emergency." url.
Colombians narrowly reject peace deal that would have ended 52-year war with FRC rebels url url.
Clinton campaign jumps on name report showing Trump declared $916M loss in 1995 tax records. url.
Two days after Congress paved the way, 9/11 widow sues Saudi rabia. url url.
6-year-old wounded in shooting at elementary school in SC this week has died, his mother says. url.
Hurricane Matthew now a category 5 storm, name says, the strongest in the tlantic since 2007. url.
Clinton's nasty, Trump tells name but "I can be nastier than she can ever be." url.
A psychiatric team responded to the El Cajon incident but didn't arrive until after the shooting, police chief says url.
El Cajon police release cell phone video that shows the fatal shooting of a man who pointed a vaping device at cops url.
California gov. signs bill mandating prison sentences for sexual assault of unconscious or intoxicated victims url.
Hurricane Matthew is now a category 4 and moving across the Caribbean, National Hurricane Center says url.
The 14-year-old suspect in the SC elementary school shooting has been charged in family court with murder. url.
labama Chief Justice Roy Moore has been suspended for directing judges to enforce the state's same-sex marriage ba url.
Wells Fargo's culture led bank to force some hourly employees to work late without overtime pay, former workers say. url.
CDC says men who travel to Zika areas should wait 6 months before unprotected sex or conceiving a baby. url.
Investigators retrieved an event recorder from train that crashed in NJ, will download info today, official says. url.
Rosetta space probe ends remarkable 12-year mission with crash-landing on distant comet. url.
2 merican sisters were found dead without any signs of injuries while in Seychelles this month, authorities say. url.
2 paintings by Vincent Van Gogh stolen in a 2002 heist in the Netherlands have been found. url.
Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu shakes hands with Palestinian leader Mahmoud bbas at funeral of Shimon Peres. url.
World leaders are attending funeral ceremony of late Israeli leader Shimon Peres. url.
Lady Gaga will perform at the 2017 Super Bowl LI halftime show, she tweeted url url.
Wells Fargo illegally repossessed 413 military servicemembers' cars, Justice Department says url url.
The woman killed in the NJ train crash and the engineer operating the train have been identified, authorities said url.
Gov. Christie says 1 killed, 108 injured in train crash; train engineer critically injured and hospitalized. url.
Person killed was standing on the platform when the NJ Transit train crashed, officials say. url url.
Passengers say the train never slowed before the crash that injured 70+. They describe the scene: url.
Hamas blasts Palestinian leader for his letter of condolence to former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres' family. url.
ll passengers trapped on NJ train that crashed have been removed, taken to 2 hospitals, Gov. Chris Christie said. url.
t least one person died in the Hoboken train crash, an official briefed on the incident said. url.
Palestinian leader Mahmoud bbas to attend former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres' funeral, bbas' office says. url.
Initial reports indicate more than 100 people injured in NJ train crash, emergency responder tells CNN. url.
Reports of multiple injuries in NJ train crash, responder says; images show structural damage. url.
Rail service is suspended in and out of Hoboken, NJ, station after crash. url url.
A New Jersey Transit train crashed into a platform in Hoboken during Thursday morning's rush-hour commute. url.
2 Pakistani soldiers killed in exchange of fire with Indian troops in disputed Kashmir, Pakistan's military says. url.
Protesters gather for 2nd night in El Cajon, Calif., demanding accountability in officer-involved shooting of man. url.
Charlotte and the state of North Carolina have lifted states of emergency for the city. url.
32 people missing after Typhoon Megi triggered landslides in 2 villages in China, state-run media says. url.
Man killed in officer-involved shooting in C pointed a vape at a cop before being shot and tased, police said url.
Congress has cleared a bill to fund the government and the federal response to Zika through December 9 url.
A relative of the suspected SC elementary school shooter has been found dead, official says url url.
OPEC agrees to cut oil production for the first time in 8 years url url.
Senate passes bill to fund the government and the federal response to Zika url.
2 students shot at SC elementary school sent to trauma center; teacher also shot, official says. Teen suspect held. url.
t least 2 children shot at elementary school in Townville, SC, county official says. url url.
Dutch investigators: MH17 downed in 2014 by missile brought from Russian territory into pro-Russian area of Ukraine url.
204 bodies recovered from migrant boat that capsized off Egypt last week, state media reports official as saying. url.
Protesters gathered near the scene of an officer-involved shooting in El Cajon, California. url.
Former Israeli President and PM Shimon Peres has died at 93, Israeli media says. url.
Wells Fargo CEO forfeits stock awards worth $41 million as bank launches probe into phony accounts. url.
President Obama nominates first US ambassador to Cuba in more than 50 years url url.
FBI to search some Democratic Party staffers' phones for evidence that they were hacked url url.
England soccer boss loses job after undercover video sting url url.
The health of former Israeli President and Prime Minister Shimon Peres has deteriorated, official says url.
Islamic militant gets 9 years in prison for destroying ancient shrines in Mali, a landmark ICC ruling. url.
Trump doesn't believe climate change is man-made, his campaign manager says. url url.
2 separate bomb attacks took place in the German city of Dresden Monday night, Saxony police say. url.
Get the Florida feels. Watch real-time reaction from undecided voters in the Sunshine State. url url.
Miami Marlins' tribute to pitcher Jose Fernandez, who died Sunday, includes wearing his number on their jerseys url.
Conflict that saw 220,000 killed and 5 million displaced ends as Colombian government and FRC sign peace deal url.
Nazi emblems found among belongings of man who was killed in Houston after injuring nine people, police say url.
Houston police kill suspected gunman after shooting sends at least six to hospital. url.
Trump and Clinton are deadlocked in 2 key battleground states, new CNN/ORC polls show. url.
French President says controversial makeshift camp known as "The Jungle" in Calais will be completely dismantled. url.
"Iowa and Wisconsin hit with evacuation orders as flooding threatens areas..
url.
Golf legend rnold Palmer dies at 87 url url.
8 people killed and at least 25 wounded after Baghdad's third attack of the day. url url.
Miami Marlins pitcher Jos Fernndez has died unexpectedly, the team announces. url url.
New NC law begins this week that will block public from obtaining footage from police body cams or dashboard cams. url.
A suicide bomber killed 6 people and hurt 18 in Baghdad, Iraqi officials say. url url.
Fullerton, C, police say a girl, 17, is missing and at risk after 3 bodies were found at the home where she lived url.
W officials say it's too early in the investigation to rule out terrorism in the deadly mall shooting. url.
Suspect in Washington state mall shooting is identified as rcan Cetin, 20, police say. url url.
Person suspected of killing 5 people in a shooting at a W mall is in custody, the state patrol said on Twitter. url.
Charlotte police release dash cam and body cam video from the shooting of Keith Scott. url url.
Charlotte police have released a photo of a gun they say Keith Scott had on him when he was shot. url.
Police chief says video recorded and released by Scott's widow didn't factor into decision to release police video. url.
Charlotte police will release body cam, dash cam footage of shooting of Keith Lamont Scott, Chief Kerr Putney says. url.
bout 200 airstrikes have pummeled leppo since Friday morning, head of Syria Civil Defense group says. url.
A 5th person has died in the mall shooting in Burlington, W, officials say. The suspect is still on the loose. url.
t least 8 people were killed when militants attacked a police checkpoint in Tikrit, Iraq, an official says. url.
Images of Britainos royal family reportedly stolen in hack of Pippa Middletonos iCloud account, British media say. url.
Number of people killed in W mall shooting is now 4, all women, police say. The suspect is still at large. url.
Police now say 3 people are dead in W mall shooting. Police spokesperson earlier said 4 people had been killed. url.
4 people were killed in shooting at a mall in Burlington, W, police say. Police are looking for at least 1 shooter url.
Police say gun recovered at Charlotte shooting was loaded and had fingerprints that matched Keith Lamont Scott's. url.
Obama vetoes bill that would allow family members of 9/11 victims to sue Saudi rabia. url.
Family releases what it says is video of moments leading up to Keith Lamont Scott's shooting by Charlotte police. url.
Police make an arrest in connection with the fatal shooting of a protester in Charlotte, NC, police chief says. url.
A Qantas flight was evacuated in Perth, ustralia, because of fumes and smoke, a fire department spokesperson said. url.
Tulsa cop Betty Shelby booked, released on $50,000 bond; charged with manslaughter in death of Terence Crutcher. url.
South Korea says it has troops ready to kill Kim Jong Un if it feels threatened by North Korean nuclear weapons. url.
Charlotte police donot plan to enforce curfew if protests remain peaceful, official says. url url.
Protesters continue to march in Charlotte past midnight, when authorities had said a curfew would go into effect. url.
Body-camera videos of police pepper-spraying a 15-year-old girl in Maryland have touched off an uproar. url.
White House investigates apparent hack of email account that purportedly contains scan of Michelle Obama's passport url.
Charlotte's mayor has enacted a curfew that goes into effect at midnight until 6 a.m. ET. url url.
A 6.5-magnitude earthquake struck southeast of Tokyo, the Japan Meteorological gency reports. url.
The man shot during Wednesday night's protests in Charlotte has died, police dept. says. url url.
Tulsa police officer who fatally shot Terence Crutcher charged with manslaughter in the first degree, D says url.
US military confirms that shell fired on joint US-Iraqi base Tuesday contained "a sulfur mustard blister agent." url.
Keith Lamont Scott's family plans to watch the video of his fatal shooting later today, their attorney said. url.
Yahoo says at least 500 million user accounts were stolen in 2014, by what it thinks is a istate-sponsoredi actor. url.
Keith Lamont Scott death: Family wants to see shooting video; 9 civilians hurt and 44 arrested in Charlotte protest url.
A US military aircraft crashed off the Japanese island of Okinawa, Japanese coast guard official says. url.
t least 4 police officers were injured Wednesday in a protests in Charlotte, authorities posted on Twitter. url.
North Carolina governor declares state of emergency in Charlotte over violent protests, will send in National Guard url.
City of Charlotte now says a person shot by another civilian at protest is not dead but is on life support. url.
One person killed during protest in Charlotte, NC; shooter was civilian, not police, city says. url.
Power outage in Puerto Rico leaves nearly 1.5M people in the dark, government-run electric company says. url.
For a second night, protests over a deadly officer-involved shooting in Charlotte, NC, turn violent. Watch CNN: url.
Bombings suspect hmad Rahami is unconscious and intubated at a NJ hospital, FBI says url url.
Blue Bell issues another recall of its ice cream over listeria concerns. No illnesses reported. url.
"n insulting degree of ignorance": NCP President on Trump's comments about the black community url.
Clinton leads Trump by 6 points ahead of Monday's debate, new national poll says. url url.
ISIS suspected of firing a shell with mustard agent at air base used by US and Iraqi troops, US officials say. url.
Chicago PD to hire 970 officers as part of plan to stem violence, superintendent announces. url.
SEC charges hedge fund manager Leon Cooperman with insider trading url url.
Schools on Canada's Prince Edward Island evacuated due to potential threat, officials said url.
Charlotte police contradict family of man shot dead by cop; they say he had a gun and not a book url.
Boat carrying 600 migrants capsizes off Egypt. t least 20 dead, news agency reports url.
The Charlotte, NC, cop whose killing of a black man prompted protests is also black, the mayor's office says url.
Hundreds of scientists, including Stephen Hawking, issue open letter criticizing Donald Trump over climate change url.
Charlotte protests continued Wednesday as crowds blocked Interstate 85 &amp; started fire at center of highway. url.
Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police say about 12 officers hurt during protests after fatal shooting of Keith Lamont Scott. url.
S. Korea, US will hold mock attack on nuclear facility next month, South Korean Defense Department official says. url.
Man fatally shot by Charlotte-Mecklenburg officer is Keith Lamont Scott, &amp; his family has been notified, mayor says. url.
CNN/KFF Poll: 84% of white working class say government does not represent their views. url url.
NY/NJ bombing suspect hmad Rahami charged with use of a weapon of mass destruction, among other federal charges url.
Dangerous levels of carcinogenic chromium-6 contaminate tap water of 218M mericans, new analysis says. url.
White House says Russia is responsible for Monday's Syrian aid convoy strike, regardless of whose planes attacked url.
Former President url H.W. Bush told about 40 people Monday that he would vote for Hillary Clinton, sources said url.
US preliminary conclusion is that Russian warplanes bombed aid convoy in Syria, officials say url.
The father of the NJ and NY bombings suspect discussed concerns about him with FBI in 2014 url url.
t least 17 children die in two bus crashes in India url url.
ngelina Jolie has filed for divorce from Brad Pitt, a source familiar with the filing tells CNN url.
The wife of bombing suspect hmad Khan Rahami left the US a few days before the NY, NJ bombings, an official says. url.
UN suspends aid operations in Syria after deadly attack on aid convoy in rural leppo, UN spokesperson tells CNN. url.
Police have identified a 10th victim in the Minnesota mall stabbings url url.
NJ and NY bombings suspect charged with attempted murder after shootout with police, prosecutor's office says url.
President Obama praised NJ cops who apprehended suspect in NY and NJ bomb plots url url.
CNN to host town hall with President Obama on Sept. 28 to discuss US military issues. url.
NY and NJ bombings suspect hmad Khan Rahami traveled to fghanistan multiple times, sources say. url.
Bombing suspect's family sued NJ city and police in 2011, claiming they'd been subject to anti-Muslim discriminatio url.
Ex-aide will testify in NJ bridge closures trial that Gov. Chris Christie knew about scheme, prosecutors say url.
NJ bar owner recognized bombing suspect hmad Rahami sleeping in doorway of tavern and alerted police url.
fter arrest of hmad Khan Rahami, officials not seeking other suspects in NY and NJ bombings, NYC mayor says url.
Bombing suspect first ID'd using fingerprint and cell phone on device, official says. Watch: url url.
Suspect hmad Khan Rahami wounded, mayor says. One officer shot in vest and one in the hand. url url.
Bombing suspect hmad Khan Rahami is in custody after a shootout with police, official says. url url.
hmad Khan Rahami wanted for questioning in connection with NJ and NY blasts, officials say. url url.
Officials say they believe hmad Khan Rahami is man seen on surveillance near NY bombing url url.
Dahir . dan, 22, identified as man who stabbed 9 at Minnesota mall Saturday before being killed, sources say. url.
hmad Khan Rahami, 28, sought in connection with Chelsea bombing, NYPD spokesman tweets. url url.
Probe into weekend blasts in NY, NJ leads to signs of a possible terror cell, law enforcement officials say. url.
BBs, ball bearings appeared to be packed into both pressure cooker bombs in NY, law enforcement official says. url.
Russian President Vladimir Putin's political party, United Russia, has won a majority in parliamentary elections. url.
Up to 5 devices have been found in a backpack in a waste basket in Elizabeth, New Jersey, mayor says. url.
Suspicious package found in Elizabeth, New Jersey, and it has been detonated by authorities, mayor says. url.
Emotional Julia Louis-Dreyfus dedicates Emmy win to her recently deceased father. url url.
Charmian Carr, best known for her role as Liesl in the "The Sound of Music," has died. url url.
Videos show same man near NYC explosion site and location of pressure cooker, sources say. url url.
Investigators find some similarities between NY and NJ explosive devices, officials say. url url.
ISIS wing says person who stabbed 8 at Minnesota mall was affiliated with the terror group url url.
Islamist group l-Shabaab takes credit for car bomb in Mogadishu that killed Somali general url url.
ll 29 victims injured in NYC explosion have been released from hospitals, NY Gov. ndrew Cuomo says url.
NY Gov. Cuomo: So far, no evidence of international terrorism. Watch CNN: url.
NY Gov. Cuomo: Significant property damage on both sides of NYC blast site. Watch: url url.
"We have some promising leads" in the Saturday N.J. pipe bomb blast, says Gov. Christie on name Watch: url.
t least 10 people died after boat carrying 150 people capsized in Thai river, police said. url url.
Ex-French President Jacques Chirac hospitalized for pulmonary infection, FP says. url url.
17 soldiers were killed when militants attacked an army camp in Indian-administered Kashmir, Indian army said. url.
Cops: Man stabs 8 people at MN mall before off-duty officer kills him; witness says he asks if 1 target was Muslim. url.
This is the device found at second location, near New York explosion, officials say. url url.
2nd device found near area of New York explosion appears to be a pressure cooker with wires, officials say. url.
t least 29 people hurt in NYC explosion; 24 of them have been hospitalized, officials say. url url.
Mayor: No indication explosion in New York was related to terrorism, but it was intentional. url url.
New York mayor and police commissioner discuss explosion that injured 25 people. url url.
Gas has been ruled out as the cause of the New York explosion. url url.
25 people hurt in explosion in New York, FDNY says. None of the injuries are thought to be life-threatening. url.
NYPD responding to explosion in Manhattan. t least 2 people injured. Developing. url url.
Obama jokes: Neither ISIS nor North Korea "weighed on my mind like the validity of my birth certificate" Watch live url.
In speech tonight at Congressional Black Caucus awards dinner, Obama expected to urge action to stop Trump. url.
US has relayed its regret to Syria for "unintentional loss of life" resulting from airstrikes in eastern Syria. url.
Russia calls for emergency UN Security Council meeting over airstrikes on Syrian troops. url.
Iranian cyclist Bahman Golbarnezhad dies after crash in road race at Paralympics in Rio. url url.
Syrian human rights group says 83 killed in airstrikes that Syria blames on coalition. url url.
The US military said a coalition airstrike may have unintentionally struck Syrian soldiers. url url.
Explosion in trash can likely timed to disrupt Marine Corps charity run; other pipe bombs found, officials say. url.
A woman shot seven times in Friday's Philadelphia shooting rampage has died, police say. url url.
Philadelphia police say a gunman who shot two officers and four civilians is dead. url url.
rchbishop Desmond Tutu readmitted to South frican hospital, his family said, 10 days after he had surgery. url.
uthor W.P. Kinsella, whose book inspired the movie uField of Dreams,u has died at age 81. url url.
Zika virus transmission zone in Miami Beach has tripled in size, FL Gov. Rick Scott says. url.
Brain cancer replaces leukemia as deadliest cancer for young people, age 19-under, CDC report says. url.
Playwright Edward lbee, whose works include "Who's fraid of Virginia Woolf?", has died. url url.
US ir Force grounds F-35 Joint Strike Fighters, just over a month after they were declared "combat ready." url.
Libertarian and Green Party presidential candidates fail to qualify for first debate, commission says. url.
Nick Gordon found legally responsible for death of Bobbi Kristina Brown in civil hearing. url.
Pilot error to blame for deadly crash of Blue ngels flight in June in Tennessee, Navy says. url url.
Ice levels at North Pole have shrunk to 2nd lowest level ever, scientists say. url url.
3 bodies found in Ohio after woman calls 911 while her alleged abductor slept, police say. url url.
Trump campaign said he believes Obama was born in US, reversal from a line of attack he launched five years ago. url.
Trump again refused to say whether he believes Obama was born in the US; says heoll answer oat the right timeo. url.
Consumer Product Safety Commission recalls Samsung Galaxy Note 7 after reports of fires. url url.
Donald Trump releases doctor's letter that says Trump has stamina. url url.
Russia says US failing to fulfill obligations under Syrian ceasefire, denies its own forces have violated deal. url.
Woman who police photographed passed out in car after alleged OD is due in court today. url url.
t least 6 people are dead and dozens injured after a passenger train and freight train collided in Pakistan. url.
Obama to create national monument in tlantic Ocean to protect area from drilling, fishing. url url.
Scientists say an intact mammoth skull found on California island may be from a previously unknown species. url.
US opens investigation into Wells Fargo fake accounts scandal, US official says. url url.
Trump surprises "Dr. Oz Show" audience, reveals what campaign says is summary of physical. url url.
UNC football player turns himself in on misdemeanor charges of sexual battery and assault. url url.
North Korea scoffed at a US show of force, saying Washington was "bluffing" with the flyover of B-1 bombers. url.
White House planning to increase number of refugees accepted into US to 110K in 2017, official says. url.
5.9 magnitude quake struck northern Colombia on Tuesday night, the US Geological Survey says. url.
Chelsea Manning to get gender transition surgery, lawyer says url.
Hillary Clinton will return to the campaign trail Thursday, her campaign says url url.
US pledges $38B in aid to Israel, the largest military aid package in US history url url.
US has bombed an ISIS chemical weapons plant, a top ir Force commander says url url.
Trump Foundation probe sought after reports he donated to G who was considering Trump Univ. investigation url.
Fmr. Israeli Pres. Shimon Peres hospitalized after having a stroke, according to his office url url.
merica's middle class got its first raise since 2007, and the poverty rate went down, Census Bureau says. url.
German authorities say they arrested 3 young Syrian nationals who they claim are ISIS members. url.
Israel denies Syrian claim its military shot down an Israeli warplane near Syrian border with the Golan Heights. url.
NC pulling seven 2016-2017 championships from North Carolina because of stateos stance on LGBT rights. url.
US B-1 bombers fly over South Korea in show of force after North Korean nuclear weapons test, US military says. url.
Temporary ceasefire went into effect at sundown in Syria, according to US-Russia deal. url url.
Ex-UK Prime Minister David Cameron is resigning from Parliament, Press ssociation reports. url url.
A fire broke out Monday at Florida mosque where the Pulse nightclub shooter, Omar Mateen, used to pray. url.
Plane carrying 3 people crashed at Reno-Tahoe International irport, killing all aboard, airport spokesperson says. url.
Clinton cancels trip to California, campaign says, hours after stumbling at 9/11 event and leaving it early. url.
Clinton diagnosed with pneumonia Friday, her doctor says after she left 9/11 event early. url url.
ctress and transgender activist lexis rquette, dies at 47. url url.
Woman dies after her parachute fails to open while skydiving in northern England, police say. url.
irstrikes killed 58 people in Syria hours after US and Russia announced ceasefire plan, a rights group said. url.
24 people overdosed in kron, Ohio, on Friday night, officials say. url url.
Man was stabbed in suburb of Sydney in what ustralian officials call a terrorist act. Victim in critical condition. url.
ngelique Kerber beats Karolina Pliskova to win US Open, her second grand slam title of 2016 url url.
Greta Friedman, nurse kissed by sailor in iconic V-J Day photo, has died, her son says. url url.
John Hinckley Jr., who shot President Reagan in 1981, released from a psychiatric hospital. url url.
FRC rebels free 8 child soldiers in Colombia as part of potential peace deal, Red Cross says. url.
Factory fire left 15 people dead near Bangladeshi capital of Dhaka early Saturday, authorities say. url.
Father arrested, charged in death of toddler son, who was left in pickup truck for 8 hours, sheriff's office says. url.
US, Russia agree to ceasefire plan for Syria, John Kerry says. url.
Consumer Product Safety Commission warns owners to stop using their Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phones. url.
A federal judge has denied the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe's motion to stop work on the Dakota ccess oil pipeline. url.
House votes to let 9/11 victims sue Saudi rabia, defying veto threat from Obama administration. url.
Congress holds 9/11 commemoration on steps of Capitol. Watch live on CNN. url.
Obama condemns North Koreaos nuclear test as a grave threat to international peace and stability. url.
erial spraying for mosquitoes in Miami starts this morning despite concerns over insecticide's possible effects. url.
33 people trapped in cable cars dangling 12,000 feet above French lps have been rescued. url url.
Facebook co-founder Dustin Moskovitz to give $20M to Democratic groups to try to beat Trump. url url.
Small flag that 3 firefighters hoisted on 9/11 has been returned to NYC after being missing for 15 years. url.
North Korea has conducted nuclear test in violation of UN resolution, South Koreaos president says. url.
Seismic activity detected in North Korea near the location of a January nuclear test. url url.
Serena Williams upset in U.S. Open semifinals by 10th seed-Karolina Pliskova url.
NS launches OSIRIS-REx space probe to chase down asteroid and bring back sample to Earth url url.
3 women planning "imminent and violent" attack arrested near Paris, interior minister says url url.
SEL Team attempts rescue but doesn't find merican and ustralian kidnapped from Kabul, officials say url.
mericans expect Clinton to outperform Trump at first presidential debate, CNN/ORC poll shows. url.
Wells Fargo fires 5,300 employees for creating millions of phony accounts url.
The shooter in the Texas high school incident is dead, a Brewster County official says. url.
One person dead in shooting at lpine, Texas, high school, a Brewster County official says. url url.
One person shot at Texas high school and two shooters thought to be on the loose, police say url.
Yosemite National Park will grow by about 400 acres, its largest expansion in 70 years. url url.
Child suicide attempts on the rise in besieged Syrian town of Madaya, a rights group says. url url.
"bducted woman calls husband from trunk of car. Police track signal, but she is dead by the time they find her..
url.
River near Norilsk, Russia, turned bright red this week, leaving residents stunned. url.
4 Oakland, C police officers fired for involvement in sex scandal, mayor says. url url.
Democrats release Clinton's emails with Colin Powell about sending emails url url.
Source: Ryan Lochte to be suspended for 10 months, banned from 2017 world championships url url.
FBI director says decision to not recommend charges against Clinton wasn't a close call url url.
pple announced its next-generation iPhone 7 in a tweet. The device is water resistant. url url.
Joe Hosteen Kellwood, one of the Navajo code talkers during World War II, has died at age 95. url.
4 dead after criminals downed an aircraft in southwestern Mexico, state governor says url url.
Donald Trump will propose a "major investment" in US military spending in a speech Wednesday, his campaign says url.
Zika funding bill fails in Senate 52 to 46. It needed 60 votes to advance. url url.
Bill Cosby is set to go on trial on 3 counts of felony aggravated indecent assault on June 5. url.
Recipient of world's first face transplant dies at 49 url url.
Dallas Morning News declines to endorse GOP nominee for POTUS for 1st time since 1968 url url.
Greta Van Susteren is leaving Fox News effective immediately. url url.
Chicago has recorded its 500th homicide of the year, Chicago Tribune reports. url url.
New CNN / ORC poll shows a 2016 dead heat among likely voters; Trump 45% and Clinton 43%. url.
1 person killed, 6 hurt when car bomb explodes outside the CRE NGO in Kabul. url.
Philippines President Duterte says he regrets comments "came across as a personal attack" against President Obama. url.
Obama expected to announce $90M package to help clear Laos of unexploded bombs from "secret war" of 1960s and '70s. url.
ctor Hugh O'Brian, known for his role in "The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp," has died. He was 91. url.
British irways reports problems with computer system as passengers at multiple airports complain of delays, lines. url.
Obama's meeting with Philippines President Duterte is canceled after Duterte's controversial remarks about Obama url.
Two bombs near fghan Ministry of Defense in Kabul kill 5 people, injure 11. Taliban claim responsibility. url.
ISIS leaders planned Europe strikes beyond Paris, worse carnage, CNN investigation reveals. url.
Talks between the US and Russia have ended without an agreement on ending violence in Syria, a US official says. url.
North Korea fired three ballistic missiles Monday morning, according to South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff. url.
Europe is "close to limit" on accepting refugees, EU president says, as he urged other countries to do more. url.
Mother Teresa, who devoted her life to helping the poor in India, has been declared a saint. url url.
2 corrections officers in critical condition after alleged gang member visiting the jail shot them, officials say. url.
Search called off for 2 US climbers missing in Pakistan, family spokesman says. url url.
The remains of Jacob Wetterling, a Minnesota boy abducted 27 years ago, have been found, sheriff's office says. url.
GOP VP candidate Mike Pence says he will release his tax returns next week. url.
Oklahoma shuts down 35 disposal wells used by frackers following 5.6-magnitude quake. url.
Truck driver dies when Hermine's high winds overturn tractor-trailer on bridge in NC, state says. url.
Preliminary 5.6 magnitude earthquake hits near Pawnee, Oklahoma, USGS says. url.
Top Trump surrogate admits to falsifying some of his professional accomplishments. url url.
Thailand's King Bhumibol, worldos longest serving monarch, being treated for "severe infection,u officials say. url.
Scientists discover large doughnut-shaped coral reef in ustralia, behind Great Barrier Reef url url.
Police officer and suspect were shot and killed during foot chase in NM, officials say. url url.
Henry Kissinger, url Shultz say they will not back either major party candidate in the 2016 race. url.
President puts Philippines on lockdown after explosion in his hometown kills at least 15 url url.
Explosion at market in Davao City, Philippines, kills at least 10, senior official says. url url.
Brock Turner out of jail after serving 3 months for sexually assaulting unconscious woman. url url.
fter a record high in 2015, the number of shark attacks is down this year, officials say. url url.
Samsung is recalling the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone worldwide after reports of battery fires. url url.
Hurricane Hermine made landfall in Florida's Big Bend area early Friday, the National Hurricane Center said. url.
t least 4 people were killed in attack on Christian neighborhood in Peshawar, Pakistan, officials say. url.
49ers QB Colin Kaepernick continued his stance of not standing during national anthem, before exhibition game. url.
State Dept. to produce records of Clinton's meetings as secretary of state in October instead of after Election Day url.
The Daily Mail retracts story hours after Melania Trump files $150M libel lawsuit. url url.
National Hurricane Center issues tropical storm watch for Mid-tlantic up to New Jersey. url url.
Melania Trump files $150M libel lawsuit against The Daily Mail. url.
Clinton smashes fundraising record, bringing in $143M in ugust, campaign says. url.
First mosquitoes carrying the Zika virus in continental US identified in Miami Beach, Florida officials say. url.
Magnitude 7.1-earthquake strikes about 352 miles northeast of Wellington, New Zealand url.
Satellite commissioned by Facebook exploded with SpaceX rocket in Cape Canaveral incident url url.
url University says it will show admissions preference to heirs of slaves it sold url url.
Explosion rocks Cape Canaveral facility used by SpaceX to launch rockets url url.
Hermine will strengthen into hurricane by the time it makes landfall in Florida, National Hurricane Center predicts. url.
Donald Trump says he will create an ICE deportation task force url.
Trump: Mexico will pay for the wall. 100%. They don't know it yet, but they're going to pay url url.
Trump: "Our greatest compassion must be for our merican citizens"; crowd chants "US" url url.
5 people killed when 2 airplanes collide in midair over laska, state troopers report url.
I told Donald Trump Mexico will not pay for the wall, President Enrique Pea Nieto says url url.
NFL clears Harrison, Matthews and Peppers after allegation over performance-enhancing drugs url url.
Strawberries linked to hepatitis A outbreak in 6 states. url url.
The National Vietnam Veterans Foundation, which gave less than 2% of revenue to vets, closes its doors. url.
Brazilian Senate votes 61 to 20 to remove President Dilma Rousseff from office. url url.
US doubts Russia's claim that Russian airstrike killed ISIS spokesman. url url.
The first direct commercial flight from US to Cuba in more than a half century has landed. url url.
Massive drop in elephant numbers in frica, disturbing new study shows. url url.
Russia claims its airstrike killed ISIS spokesman Mohammad al-dnani. url url.
North Korea executed top education official, South Korean Unification Ministry says. url.
Singer Chris Brown arrested on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon, LPD official says url url.
Correction: Chicago police move to fire 5 officers, not 6, as earlier reported. url url.
name Correction: Chicago police move to fire 5 officers, not 6, as earlier reported url url.
The National Weather Service issues a hurricane warning for Hawaii's Big Island. url url.
Chicago police move to fire 6 officers involved in fatal 2014 shooting of Laquan McDonald url url.
President Obama reduces sentences of over 100 people convicted of drug crimes. url url.
ISIS spokesman Mohammad al-dnani killed in Syria, according to ISIS news agency. url url.
Maine Gov. Paul LePage says he may resign. url url.
FBI could release Clinton email report as soon as Wednesday, officials say. url url.
Suicide bomber targets Chinese embassy in Kyrgyzstan, the country's deputy prime minister says. url.
President of Uzbekistan hospitalized Saturday after brain hemorrhage, according to his daughter. url.
2 Turkish soldiers killed by PKK fighters in southeast Turkey, state-run news agency reports url url.
ctor Gene Wilder, known for iconic 'Willy Wonka' and other comedic roles, dies at 83 url url.
Hackers breach election systems in Illinois, rizona, officials say. url.
Clinton aide Huma bedin, nthony Weiner separating after new sexting allegations, she says. url url.
Los ngeles airport police confirm reports of shots fired in the facility were a false alarm. url.
Police search Los ngeles International irport after unconfirmed reports of a shooting at the facility. url.
ustralian aid worker who was abducted in fghanistan in pril has been freed, official says. url.
Latin merican music icon Juan Gabriel has died at 66, sources close to the family say url url.
2 dead after bus operated by unlicensed driver crashed en route to help La. flood cleanup url url.
2 men arrested, charged with murder in shooting of Nykea ldridge, the cousin of NB star Dwyane Wade. url.
16 people die when bombs hit mourners at a wake for kids killed in earlier bombing in leppo, monitoring group says. url.
1 person rescued, 2 still missing after small plane crashed in Lake Ponchartrain near New Orleans, officials said. url.
Typhoon Lionrock is closing in on Japan, the 3rd powerful storm to hit the nation in a week. url url.
Gunmen kill nephew of a Sinaloa cartel leader in latest attack against relatives of people linked to the group. url.
Engine explosion forces flight to make emergency landing, Southwest irlines says. url url.
2 boaters rescued after a plane saw the SOS they had written in sand at Micronesia beach. url url.
Bangladeshi police kill one of the "suspected masterminds" of July terror attack in Dhaka, officials say. url.
Man arrested in the death of 2 nuns in a home in rural Mississippi, officials say. url url.
Bolivian miners tortured, killed government minister who was seeking talks after weeks of protests, officials say. url.
Cousin of NB star Dwyane Wade was killed in crossfire in Chicago while walking to school to register her children. url.
Doctor says he spent 5 minutes writing note declaring Trump in "extraordinary" health, NBC reports url.
CDC documents 1st case of person with no symptoms sexually transmitting Zika to partner who hadn't gone to risk area url.
Mayors don't have the right to ban burkinis, French Council of State rules, suspending bans. url url.
8 Turkish police officers killed, 45 hurt in explosion in Cizre, state-run news agency says. url url.
Bus plunges into Trishuli River in Nepal, killing at least 21 people, official says. url url.
13 kids and 10 adults were killed in leppo attacks by regime and rebel groups. url url.
2 men charged with killing boy, 15, who jumped on his friends to shield them from gunfire. url url.
Judge in Stanford rape case will no longer hear criminal cases, California court spokesperson says. url.
Trump walks back immigration comments, rules out pathway to citizenship url.
Donald Trump defends calling Hillary Clinton a "bigot" url.
uthorities are on the scene of a possible homicide in Holmes County, MS, involving two nuns. url.
Brazilian police want Ryan Lochte back in Brazil to answer accusations he filed a false police report, officials say url.
Navy: US ship fired warning shots at Iranian boat after it came within 200 yds in 2nd such incident in days url.
Hillary Clinton has a 7-point lead over Donald Trump in a new Quinnipiac national poll. url url.
Brazil's Senate opens the impeachment trial against suspended President Dilma Rousseff. url url.
Pharmaceutical company says it will make EpiPen allergy drug more affordable url url.
Orlando hospital says it wonot bill victims of June shooting at Pulse nightclub. url url.
hashtag t least 1,000 people have been displaced and 247 killed, officials say. url url.
12 people, including 7 students, were killed in attack on merican University of fghanistan, official says. url.
hashtag death toll rises to 247, 24 hours after quake, officials say. url url.
Woman, 59, dies after falling 40 feet from zip line ride at a Delaware state park. url.
ttack on merican University of fghanistan in Kabul ends in death of two gunman, police tell FP. url.
"Hope Solo suspended from women's US soccer team for 6 months for calling Sweden team ""cowards"".
url.
Kim Jong Un says US is now within "striking" range after Wednesday's missile test, N. Korean media report url.
FRC, Colombian government say they've reached a peace deal after 5 decades of bloody conflict url.
4 Iranian Revolutionary Guard vessels conduct a "high-speed intercept" of a US destroyer, Navy official says. url.
3 tornadoes touch down in Indiana, causing damage in at least one city, National Weather Service says. url.
rchbishop Desmond Tutu admitted to Cape Town hospital for treatment of a "recurring infection," family says. url.
1 person killed, 21 hurt in attack at merican University in Kabul, according to hospital. url url.
New battleground state CNN/ORC polling: Tight race in North Carolina, Trump lead in rizona. url url.
Ukraine President to CNN's Christiane manpour: Vladimir Putin wants "the whole Ukraine." url url.
Death toll in Italy quake rises to at least 120, Prime Minister Matteo Renzi says. url url.
Newly found Proxima b is closest exoplanet to Earth, and it may have water on its surface url url.
Rocky planet found orbiting star closest to Earth's sun may be able to support life, scientists say. Watch: url.
Reporter: Fires on merican University campus in Kabul; witnesses hear blast, gunfire. url url.
Witnesses report blast at merican University of fghanistan in Kabul. Watch CNN. url url.
Italy quake death toll rises to 73, including 53 in matrice, civil protection agency says. url url.
No one allowed to spend Wednesday night in quake-hit town of matrice, Italian officials say url url.
Italy quake has displaced more than 1,000 people, civil protection agency says. url url.
Death toll from earthquake in central Italy has jumped to 63, CNN affiliate Rai reports. url url.
US swimmer James Feigen apologizes for 'serious distraction' at Rio Games. url.
Death toll from strong hashtag in central hashtag has risen to 37, Italy's Civil Protection Department says. url.
Turkey launched military operation against ISIS in Syria, Turkish state media reports. url.
Death toll rises to 14 after 6.2-magnitude quake hits central Italy, CNN affiliate Rai reports. url.
Total of 6 people have been confirmed killed in 6.2-magnitude quake that hit central Italy, CNN affiliate RI says. url.
t least 2 people were killed when a 6.2-magnitude quake hit central Italy, CNN affiliate RI says. url.
Several buildings collapsed in mountain town of matrice after quake in Italy, according to CNN affiliate RI. url.
6.2-magnitude earthquake hits southeast of Norcia, Italy, USGS says. url.
N. Korea test-fires ballistic missile from submarine, S. Korean media report. url.
FBI probes Russian hack targeting reporters at New York Times, other US news outlets url url.
President to meet with slain officers' families on trip to survey Louisiana flood damage url url.
Poll shows Clinton with 16-point lead over Trump in Virginia url url.
One US service member killed and one injured in fghanistan url url.
Russia will not compete at Paralympics in Rio after losing appeal against a ban imposed for state-sponsored doping. url.
Top officer in Philippines: 300 officers suspected of being involved in drug trade &amp; will be brought to justice. url.
The son of 'El Chapo' has been freed after being kidnapped a week ago, sources confirm. url url.
Of the 54 killed by young suicide bomber at wedding in Turkey, 22 were under the age of 14. url url.
"Speedo cuts its ties with US Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte..
url url.
Federal judge temporarily blocks Obama school transgender bathroom policy. url.
Ethiopia says marathoner has nothing to fear after Olympic protest. url url.
In a historic first, the International Criminal Court has classified destroying cultural artifacts as a war crime. url.
Pfizer buys biotech company Medivation for $14 billion. url.
Typhoon hashtag roaring over Tokyo after making landfall earlier Monday. url.
Man in India had 40 knives surgically removed from his stomach, according to the doctor who led the operation. url.
California wildfire threatens Hearst Castle. url url.
OLYMPICS: US menos basketball team defeats Serbia to win third consecutive gold medal. url url.
Second car bomb in Somalia struck people helping victims of first blast; at least 23 dead. url url.
Lou Pearlman, who managed *NSYNC and the Backstreet Boys, dies in prison at age 62. url url.
Suicide bomber who killed at least 50 in Turkey was aged 12-14, state-run news agency quotes president as saying. url.
t least 10 people were killed when 2 suicide bombs hit a government building in Somalia, officials say. url.
Philippines President threatens to leave U.N. over criticism of his approach to drug crime. url url.
Top US commander warns Russia and Syria "we will defend ourselves if we feel threatened." url url.
Conor McGregor beats Nate Diaz in UFC 202, getting revenge for his loss to Diaz in March. url url.
Former 3 Doors Down guitarist Matt Roberts has died at age 38, according to his father. url url.
OLYMPICS: Team US reclaims the men's 4x400-meter gold. url url.
OLYMPICS: US women win 6th straight 4x400M-relay gold, giving llyson Felix 6 career golds. url url.
Explosion at wedding hall in Turkey kills 22 people, injures 94, senior official says. url url.
OLYMPICS: Matthew Centrowitz wins men's 1,500M race, first gold for US in event since 1908. url url.
OLYMPICS: Brazilian men win nation's first soccer gold, defeating Germany on penalty kicks. url url.
Ryan Lochte says if he hadn't "over-exaggerated that story ... we wouldn't be in this mess." url url.
OLYMPICS: US women win basketball gold for 6th consecutive Olympics, routing Spain in final. url url.
Older brother of Syrian boy in iconic image dies of injuries from airstrike on family home. url url.
IOC sets up disciplinary commission to investigate Ryan Lochte and 3 other US swimmers involved in Rio altercation. url.
North Korea says its diplomat who recently defected to South Korea is a "criminal" who had been under investigation. url.
Judge orders US ttorney to file criminal contempt charges against Z sheriff Joe rpaio. url url.
OLYMPICS: Usain Bolt completes career "Triple-Triple" as Jamaica wins gold in 4x100M relay. url url.
OLYMPICS: U.S. team including llyson Felix wins gold medal in 4x100m relay. url url.
Hillary Clinton will have 30 days to answer Judicial Watch's written questions, judge rules. url url.
Donald Trump's pitch to frican-merican voters: "What the hell do you have to lose?" url url.
Judge: Hillary Clinton must respond under oath to questions from conservative legal watchdog url url.
President Obama will visit flood-hit Baton Rouge on Tuesday after an outcry that he didn't cut short his vacation. url.
NB moves 2017 ll-Star Game from Charlotte to New Orleans. url.
5 locally transmitted Zika cases confirmed in Miami Beach. url.
Read US swimmer Ryan Lochte's apology about Rio : "I should have been much more responsible." url.
US swimmer Ryan Lochte apologizes for not being "more careful and candid" in how he described events in Rio. url.
Rio mayor says he feels "pity and contempt" for US swimmers involved in robbery report, but he accepts USOC apology url.
US swimmers Jack Conger and Gunnar Bentz are back on merican soil from Brazil. url url.
USOC apologizes to Rio, Brazil over swimmerso accusations. Bentz, Conger leave Brazil. url url.
OLYMPICS: Usain Bolt wins 200m gold, staying on track for 3 golds in 3 events at 3 Olympics url url.
Trump at NC rally: Sometimes you "say the wrong thing...I have done that, and I regret it." url url.
OLYMPICS: US women's 4x100m team qualifies for final after interference in earlier race url url.
State Dept: US used plane with $400M in cash as "leverage" to ensure Iran released prisoners url url.
merican swimmers who claimed that they were robbed in Rio should apologize to residents, Brazilian police said. url.
Police chief: Videos show no robbery committed against US swimmers in Rio. Security guard pointed a gun at them. url.
Police chief: US swimmers were not the victims of a robbery in Rio as they had claimed. Watch live: url.
Police chief: US swimmerso accounts of alleged robbery had many contradictions. Watch live: url.
U.S. Justice Department to end use of private prisons. url.
US swimmers who alleged robbery were in fight, vandalized gas station, owner tells paper. url url.
Investigation findings recommend firing of 7 Chicago cops in Laquan McDonald death. url url.
fter initial DQ, US women reinstated, will re-run 4X100m relay in bid to make final. url url.
OLYMPICS: US's Kerron Clement wins gold in men's 400-meter hurdles. He was last in final at 2012 Games. url hashtag.
Rio police seize passports of 2 US swimmers in probe over robbery claim. url url.
US swimmers Bentz,Conger ordered not to leave Brazil until they give statement on reported robbery, attorney says. url.
3 people killed, 40 hurt after car bomb explodes outside police station in Turkey, state news agency nadolu says. url.
Sharp kite strings have killed three people in India in a single day, according to police. url.
USOC spokesman: US swimmers Jack Conger &amp; Gunnar Bentz taken off flight from Rio to US by Brazilian authorities. url.
Judge issues search warrants, seizure of passports for 2 US swimmers, including Ryan Lochte, around alleged robbery. url.
Donald Trump's campaign is undergoing a major staff shakeup, adding two officials to top posts. url.
Malaysian oil tanker carrying about $400K worth of diesel was hijacked, taken to Indonesian waters, authorities say. url.
Jalisco attorney general: Joaquin oEl Chapoo Guzmanos son was among those kidnapped in Puerto Vallarta. url.
John McLaughlin, the host of oThe McLaughlin Groupo show, dies at 89. url url.
OLYMPICS: With floor exercise win, Simone Biles now all-time leader among US female gymnasts with 4 career golds. url.
P ttorney General Kathleen Kane has announced her resignation after being convicted of perjury and obstruction. url.
FBI to send Clinton email investigation report to Congress to explain why no charges were recommended, officials say url.
Russia launches Syria airstrikes from Iranian base; first time a major power has done so since 1979. url.
Navajo Nation sues EP for negligence in cleaning up toxic mine spill into nimas River. url.
Man charged with 2 counts of second-degree murder in connection with deaths of NY imam &amp; his assistant, police say. url.
Kenyan runner David Rudisha wins menos 800-meter gold at Rio 2016 to retain Olympic title. url url.
US: 15 detainees transferred out of Guantanamo Bay; move brings prisoner count down to 61. url url.
"Pentagon sees gains against ISIS:.
-ISIS stronghold of Manbij, Syria freed.
-45K ISIS personnel killed since mid-2014.
url.
t least 4 dead in Philadelphia heat wave, city official says. url url.
Police gave all-clear at JFK irport after reports of shots fired inside Terminal 8, law enforcement official says. url.
Terminal 8 at hashtag airport evacuated after police got call of shots fired in departures area, spokesman says. url.
OLYMPICS: Usain Bolt wins his 3rd successive 100-meter gold, beating US rival Justin Gatlin url url.
OLYMPICS: S. frica's Wayde van Niekerk wins men's 400-meter gold in record 43.03 seconds url url.
OLYMPICS: ndy Murray wins men's tennis gold beating rgentina's Juan Martin del Potro. url url.
Body cam footage shows man fatally shot by Milwaukee police officer was armed, mayor says. url url.
Ryan Lochte and three other U.S. Olympic swimmers robbed at gunpoint, USOC says. url url.
A police officer was shot dead while responding to a call of a suspicious person in south url officials said. url.
Large crowd turned out to protest killing of armed man by Milwaukee police. 1 officer injured, buildings burned. url.
Crowds took to Milwaukee streets hours after police officer killed an armed man during foot chase, officials said. url.
OLYMPICS: name wins 23rd gold medal with US men's win in 4x100-meter medley relay. url url.
OLYMPICS: US becomes 1st nation to win 1,000 gold medals, according to USOC. url url.
OLYMPICS: US women's swim team, anchored by Simone Manuel, wins gold in the 4x100-meter medley relay. url.
OLYMPICS: Puerto Rico wins first-ever gold with Monica Puig's win in women's tennis singles url url.
Man sets Swiss train afire, stabs passengers, police say. Six hospitalized; suspect injured. url url.
Kenny Baker, who played R2-D2 in "Star Wars" films, dies at 81, niece says. url url.
7 people injured, 4 critically after explosion at an oil plant in Nederland, Texas, officials say. url.
ISIS losing control of key Syrian city of Manbij and appears to be using civilians as human shields, US says. url.
A third person had died from flooding in southern Louisiana. More rain is expected. url url.
Police officer shot dead, 3 suspects in custody after shooting at traffic stop in Hatch, NM, officials say. url.
"Woman in critical condition after an alligator bit her in Everglades, nearly severing her hand, officials say..
url.
6 people died when a small private plane crashed in Fredericksburg, Virginia, state police say. url.
OLYMPICS: name Michelle Carter became the 1st merican woman to win gold in shot put. url url.
OLYMPICS: US's nthony Ervin, 35, is oldest swim champion, wins gold in men's 50m freestyle url url.
OLYMPICS: US swimmer Katie Ledecky wins 4th gold in Rio with world record in 800m freestyle. url url.
OLYMPICS: A silver medal for Michael Phelps in a three-way tie for second in 100-meter butterfly. url.
OLYMPICS: Swimmer Joseph Schooling wins Singapore's first-ever gold in 100-meter butterfly. url.
OLYMPICS: US swimmer Maya Dirado wins women's 200-meter backstroke in tight finish. url.
OLYMPICS: Tennis star Rafael Nadal, partner Marc Lopez win gold for Spain in men's doubles url url.
ISIS leader in fghanistan killed in airstrike, Pentagon says. url.
Trump: The only way I can lose Pennsylvania "is if cheating goes on." url.
OLYMPICS: Soccer star Hope Solo calls Swedish team "a bunch of cowards" after US loss. url url.
Conviction of Brendan Dassey, subject of 'Making a Murderer,' overturned. url url.
OLYMPICS: US women's soccer team knocked out by Sweden in shootout. url url.
24 people hospitalized after Boston-Sacramento JetBlue flight hits turbulence, diverts. url url.
Chinese Olympian Chen Xinyi tests positive for banned substance, state-run news agency says. url url.
Three Thai cities have been hit by at least 8 explosions in about 12 hours, officials say. url url.
Man gets 2 years in jail/probation for sexually assaulting drunk woman. Sentence criticized for not fitting crime. url.
merican Simone Manuel wins gold medal in womenos 100-meter freestyle in a tie with Canadaos Penny Oleksiak. url.
OLYMPICS: Michael Phelps wins 22nd gold medal, his fourth from Rio, in 200-meter individual medley. url.
OLYMPICS: Ryan Murphy of Team US wins men's 200-meter backstroke for his 2nd gold. url url.
OLYMPICS: Fiji claims first-ever medal -- a gold -- by defeating Great Britain 43-7 in men's rugby sevens final url.
OLYMPICS: US's Simone Biles wins 2nd gold medal in women's individual all-around gymnastics url url.
Canadian police kill man they say was in final stages of a terror attack targeting an urban center during rush hour. url.
t least 2 dead, dozens hurt in Maryland apartment fire. url.
Ukraine puts troops on "highest level of combat readiness" amid growing tensions with Russia. url.
t least five people missing and dozens injured in Maryland apartment complex fire url url.
Police force identifies cop who shot and killed Florida woman during civilian police drill url url.
CORRECTION: name says name will be in all 3 debates with name url.
t least 21 dead in power plant explosion in China's Hubei province, state media says url.
"Police investigate whether female tennis player was deliberately poisoned during Wimbledon..
url url.
US fertility rate fell to its lowest point since record keeping started more than a century ago, CDC says. url.
Turkey issues ultimatum, demands US extradite Pennsylvania cleric Turkey suspects was involved in coup attempt. url.
"Ecuador will allow Swedish officials to question WikiLeaks founder Julian ssange in Ecuadorian embassy in London..
url.
C fire that killed 4 and cost $57M to put out was caused by faulty hot tub wiring at a home, officials say. url.
Los ngeles police shot and killed a boy, 14, after he shot at the officers, police say. url url.
OLYMPICS: Ledecky anchors U.S. womenos 4 x 200-meter freestyle relay team to swimming gold. url.
OLYMPICS: Japan's Kohei Uchimura wins men's all-around gymnastics again, 1st man to repeat the feat since 1972 url.
Fugitive Christopher Ponce, featured on CNN's "The Hunt," arrested in Spain, police say. url url.
Deputy dies from gunshot wound after standoff with barricaded gunman, rkansas sheriff says. url.
Judge upholds death penalty for "Grim Sleeper," one of the most prolific serial killers in Calif. history. url.
Four dead, dozens wounded in explosions in southern Turkey url.
lgae to blame for green water in Olympic diving pool but no risk to athletes, url say. url.
US cyclist Kristin rmstrong wins 3rd Olympic gold in time trial. url.
t least 11 babies died when a fire broke out in maternity ward of a Baghdad hospital, Iraqi Health Ministry says. url.
Brazil's Senate voted to hold an impeachment trial for suspended President Dilma Rousseff. url.
Woman accidentally fatally shot during community police academy exercise in Punta Gorda, Florida, police say. url.
OLYMPICS: Michael Phelps wins 21st Olympic gold medal as US men win 4x200m freestyle relay. url.
OLYMPICS: US swimmer Michael Phelps wins men's 200-meter butterfly, his 20th Olympic gold. url url.
OLYMPICS: US swimmer Katie Ledecky wins women's 200-meter freestyle, her second gold in Rio url url.
OLYMPICS: Serena Williams eliminated after losing to Ukraine's Elina Svitolina, 6-4 6-3. url url.
OLYMPICS: US women's gymnastics team wins gold, retaining its all-around title. url url.
Trump on Clinton picking justices: Maybe "Second mendment people" could deal with her. url.
Quinnipiac polls: Clinton leads Trump in P and OH, but the race is tight in FL. url url.
Federal judge upholds 14-year corruption sentence for ex-Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich url url.
Russia and Turkey seem to mend rift, restore relationship to pre-crisis level url url.
Orlando gunman's dad attends Clinton rally; campaign says it didn't know he was there url url.
Russia's Putin and Turkey's Erdogan set to meet after rift. url.
merican University of fghanistan says it temporarily suspended campus operations after 2 teachers were kidnapped. url.
3 girls were injured after they fell from Ferris wheel at a county fair in Tennessee, police say. url.
ISIS displays US equipment acquired after fghanistan battles url url.
Quiet GOP challenge to unseat Sen. name unfolds. url url.
Delta: 'Large-scale cancellations' globally after crippling power outage. url url.
2 foreigners who were kidnapped in Kabul were pair of lecturers, an merican and ustralian, fghan official says. url.
t least 30 people were killed in a blast at a hospital in Pakistan, a regional official says. url.
lmost 50 Filipino officials surrender after being called out by country's president in connection to drug trade. url.
Japanese Emperor kihito speaks in rare televised speech, addressing his health &amp; abdication rumors. url.
2 foreigners were abducted in Kabul on Sunday evening local time, city's police chief says. url.
Michael Phelps wins record-extending 23rd Olympic medal as US swimmers take gold in men's 4x100m relay at Rio 2016. url.
merican Katie Ledecky breaks her own world record to win gold in the 400-meter freestyle. url url.
t least 38 killed by landslides in Mexico after Tropical Storm Earl hit the country. url url.
Reigning Olympic champions Venus and Serena Williams suffer first-round defeat in Rio. url url.
Police are investigating the death of a child on the world's tallest water slide at a Kansas water park. url.
Russian Paralympic athletes are banned from competing in Rio. url.
Iran says it has executed nuclear scientist accused of spying for US. url url.
Crisis situation declared in parts of Macedonia after storm kills at least 20 people. url.
Oscar Pistorius was treated for minor wrist injuries he got while in prison, an official says. url.
t least six people died after heavy rains triggered landslides in eastern Mexico, authorities say. url.
2 skydivers were killed after making a tandem jump in Northern California, authorities say. url.
Philippine President names top officials allegedly linked to drug trade. url.
Legendary Louisiana clarinetist Pete Fountain has died at 86, his son-in-law says. url url.
2 Belgian police officers wounded after man shouting "llahu kbar" attacks them with machete. url.
OLYMPICS: merican Virginia Thrasher wins first gold medal of the Games. url url.
t least 42 people injured when fence collapsed during rapper Snoop Dogg's concert in New Jersey, authorities say. url.
The 2016 Olympic Games begin in Rio with the lighting of the Olympic flame. url url.
ccidental explosion at bar in Rouen, France, sparked deadly fire, killing at least 13 people, police say. url.
Orlando nightclub gunman Omar Mateen shot 8 times by police, medical examiner's report says. url url.
Salmonella outbreak blamed on alfalfa sprouts infects 30 people in 9 states, CDC says. url.
Donald Trump expected to endorse House Speaker Paul Ryan tonight, two sources say. url url.
Donald Trump floats daughter Ivanka for Cabinet position. "She's very popular," he says. url.
t least 12 people killed when assailants attacked market in India's ssam state, authorities say. url.
Missing gay Syrian refugee living in Turkey was found brutally murdered, local rights group says. url.
DHL cargo plane skids off runway, ends up on road near airport in Bergamo, Italian Civil viation uthority says. url.
Man who fatally shot alleged robber in Rio may have been posing as Russian diplomat, Russian state news agency says. url.
Taliban claims responsibility for attack on tourists in fghanistan. url.
Police are investigating deaths of 15-month-old twin girls in url as hot car incidents, authorities say. url.
Russian diplomat fatally shot robber who attacked him in Rio, Brazilian state run news agency says. url.
Pence splits with Trump to support embattled GOP senators McCain and yotte url url.
IOC bans 118 of 389 Russian athletes from Rio Olympics after reports of doping. url.
Obama says US, local forces will retake Mosul, Raqqa, but ISIS will still "direct and inspire" attacks Watch CNN url.
merican woman in her 60s was the person killed in knife-attack spree in London, police say. url url.
CNN/ORC poll: Obamaos approval rating has risen to 54%, the highest of his second term. url url.
6 tourists in Herat province, fghanistan were injured when a rocket struck the vans they were in, official says. url.
Hurricane Earl made landfall in Belize this morning with maximum sustained winds of 80 mph. url url.
Phoenix police say that a serial shooter has struck for the 9th time. 7 people are dead in the string of shootings. url.
A suspect has been detained in the London knife attack that left 1 person dead and 5 others injured. url.
One person killed and 5 others injured in a knife attack in central London's Russell Square, police say. url.
SCOTUS temporarily blocks Virginia order allowing transgender student to use boys' bathroom url url.
Caribbean storm Earl has been upgraded to a hurricane by the National Hurricane Center. url url.
U.S. sent $400M to Iran on same day Iran released 4 U.S. prisoners, implemented nuclear deal url url.
Fed fines Goldman Sachs $36 million for leaking confidential documents url url.
Firefighter killed batting plane fire at Dubai airport. The airport has resumed all flights url url.
Bomber in notorious 1963 labama church attack that killed four girls is denied parole url url.
D.C. transit cop accused of helping ISIS, law enforcement officials say. url url.
Bus in California hits sign pole, killing five aboard. url url.
Two bodies recovered, 20 people missing after bridge collapsed in India. url url.
Michael Phelps will be U.S. flag bearer for Rio Olympics url url.
London will add 600 more armed police following recent terror attacks across Europe, officials say. url.
22 people are missing after 2 buses go off a bridge that collapsed in flooding in India. url url.
Father of Baton Rouge deputy who survived deadly attack on officers, says his son remains on life support. url.
ustralia is deliberately abusing refugees in an offshore detention camp, human rights groups claim in a new report. url.
Meg Whitman, GOP donor and ex-Calif. gubernatorial candidate, says she would support Clinton over Trump. url.
N. Korea fired a ballistic missile around 7:50 a.m. local time, S. Korean officials say url url.
fter veteran gifted name with Purple Heart, Trump said he "always wanted" one url url.
Pope Francis creates a commission to study the eventual possibility of female deacons. url url.
China vows to prosecute utrespassersu in its claim in the South China Sea. url url.
"Police in community near Baltimore shoot and kill woman who aimed shotgun at them, officials say. Boy, 5, injured..
url.
Family members of black man killed by Chicago police last week file federal civil rights suit against officers. url.
t least 30 people, including children and 18 women, died in shelling in leppo, Syria, monitoring group says. url.
Rio will deploy about 14,000 security officers for Olympics, 1/3 more than planned. url url.
Maryland G appeals new trial granted to dnan Syed, who was subject of uSerialu podcast. url url.
Ex-FBI employee with top secret clearance faces 10 years in prison after pleading guilty to being an agent of China. url.
"ttorneys for Dylann Roof, charged in Charleston church massacre, file legal challenge to federal death penalty..
url.
Hong Kong residents on virtual lockdown as remnants of Typhoon Nida lash through the region. url url.
Texas hot air balloon firm involved in crash that killed 16 has halted service. url url.
Group of families of fallen U.S. service members demand apology from Trump. url url.
Russian helicopter was shot down in Syria after delivering humanitarian aid, Russia says. url.
"Kidnappers in Brazil release F1 boss Bernie Ecclestoneos mother-in-law after more than a week, officials say..
url.
Officials investigating after drug traffickeros luxury cell discovered in Paraguay prison. url url.
Boy, 5, dies after being hit by lightning on North Carolinaos Outer Banks, official says. url.
"Britain's Metropolitan police commissioner: Risk of UK terror attack is a case of ""when, not if."".
url.
Taliban claim credit for truck bombing at hotel in Kabul, fghanistan. url url.
Texas hot air balloon that crashed and killed 16 hit power lines, NTSB says. url url.
Woman found dead after flash flooding near Baltimore. url.
ISIS claims responsibility for attack on an oil field near northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk, source says. url.
2 car bombs detonated Sunday at a Somali government office in the nation's capital, Mogadishu, police say. url.
ustin Police say there are "separate shootings within the same area. Both scenes are secure at this time." url.
One person is dead, multiple others injured in a shooting in ustin, Texas. url.
Flash flood emergency issued for portions of Baltimore area, with NWS citing "severe" flooding. url.
Suzanne Wright, co-founder of one of largest autism advocacy url utism Speaks, has died, nonprofit says. url.
Hundreds of soldiers detained in the fallout of the July 15 coup attempt were released, Turkish state media says. url.
No survivors in crash of hot air balloon with 16 aboard, sheriff's office in Texas says. url.
Hot air balloon with 16 aboard crashes in Texas after catching fire, F official says. url.
Belgian police arrest 2 men suspected of planning terror attack in Belgium, prosecutor says. url.
Medical transport plane crashed in northern California killing all 4 people onboard. url.
A rebuilt Sandy Hook Elementary will open to students in ugust. url.
Wing part found on Tanzanian island "highly likely" from hashtag ustralia's transport minister says. url.
Feds investigating possible hack of the Clinton campaign, law enforcement officials say. url url.
6 current, former state employees charged in Flint, Mich., water, source says. url.
First cases of Zika virus transmitted by mosquitoes in the continental U.S. confirmed in Florida. url.
Official: Navy to name a ship after Harvey Milk, a gay rights activist murdered in 1978. url url.
Suspect in custody in connection to 2 officers shot in San Diego, police say. Condition of officers not known. url.
Pope makes historic visit to uschwitz concentration camp. url.
Hillary Clinton: "I accept your nomination for President of the United States." Watch CNN: url.
Hillary Clinton takes the stage at the Democratic National Convention. Watch CNN: url.
N.Y. Gov. ndrew Cuomo speaks at hashtag Follow hashtag events and analysis url url.
Ex-Fox News CEO used slurs for gays, women, racial minorities while on the job, sources say url url.
2 Nigerians, 1 Senegalese, 1 Indonesian executed for drug offenses in Indonesia, CNN affiliate reports url.
Charges dropped in Chandra Levy murder case. url url.
Seven arrested after breaching perimeter fence at DNC, Secret Service says. url.
Wildfire that raged in central California for nearly a week intensified under hot weather and has killed one person. url.
Pres. Barack Obama takes stage at hashtag Watch ui live: url name hashtag url.
VP nominee Sen. Tim Kaine speaks to hashtag Watch ui live on name url hashtag url.
Pres. Obama and Sen. Tim Kaine to address hashtag Watch live ui: url hashtag url.
Bloomberg on Trump: "I'm a New Yorker, and I know a con when I see one." Follow hashtag events and analysis: url.
Florida officials investigate four Zika virus cases that may not be related to travel url url.
name hashtag speech to focus heavily on name record. url url.
NYC mayor: "Trump is the great pretender." Follow events and analysis from hashtag url url.
ll charges dropped against remaining officers in Freddie Gray case. url.
Death toll climbs to 44 in Syria suicide bombing, state media says. ISIS-linked group claims responsibility online..
ISIS says itos responsible for suicide bombing that killed 35 people in northern Syria, state media says. url.
Money raised from Ice Bucket Challenge has led to important breakthrough, LS group says. url url.
HIV-positive man who says he gets paid to have sex with children has been arrested in Malawi, officials say. url.
ustralian man wins Pacific island resort in $49 raffle. url url.
url woman broadcasts daughteros beating live on Facebook. url url.
utistic man suffers from aftermath of seeing his friend and caregiver shot by North Miami police, his mother says. url.
"Miss Cleo," pitchwoman for the Psychic Readers Network, has died, family attorney says. url.
Nominating speeches begin at DNC. Watch CNN. url url.
One of 2 suspects in French attack that left priest dead has been ID'd via fingerprints. url url.
Europe has its first case of a baby born with Zika-related microcephaly url url.
Standoff ends: 2 men took priest, 2 nuns, 2 churchgoers hostage in France, CNN affiliate BFMTV says. url.
Girl, 14, in India dies after being raped, allegedly by same man who raped her in December. url.
Evangelical minister who co-authored "Left Behind" book series has died, his son says. url url.
Suspect in knife attack at facility for disabled in Japan turned himself in, NHK reports. url url.
Fifteen people killed in knife attack at facility for disabled people in Japan, NHK reports, citing police. url.
"NFL clears Peyton Manning in HGH investigation..
url url.
"ISIS-affiliated media group maq has claimed responsibility for attack in nsbach, Germany..
url.
The two victims killed outside Florida nightclub were ages 14 and 18, police say. url.
Summer gas prices are the cheapest since 2004. url url.
Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton in new CNN/ORC poll. url.
2 people were killed and more than a dozen others injured in shooting at nightclub in Fort Myers, FL, police say. url.
A boy, 12, dies in rizona, bring death toll to 6 from brutal heat scorching much of U.S. url.
2 mayors, 1 vice mayor were killed in different parts of Mexico on Saturday, officials say. url url.
German blast was suicide attack caused by 27-year-old Syrian national, local police say. url url.
Explosion in nsbach, Germany, leaves at least 1 dead and as many as 10 others wounded, media says. url.
name will be DNC interim chair through election after resignation of name url url.
Nebraska football player and ex-Michigan State football player die in car crash. url.
Chris Froome wins his third Tour de France. url.
International Olympic Committee: No blanket ban on Russian team; decision up to individual sports federations. url.
Munich gunman left long manifesto, appeared to have been planning deadly attack for a year, police say. url.
Suicide bombing kills at least 21 people in northern Baghdad. ISIS claims responsibility. url.
Turkey disbanding elite presidential guard unit after attempted coup, Prime Minister says. url.
Mother of U.S. ambassador killed in 2012 Benghazi attacks asks that Trump, GOP stop invoking son's death. url.
Thomas Sutherland, who was a hostage in Lebanon for more than six years, dies at 85, Colorado State University says. url.
Top aide to exiled Turkish cleric detained, Turkish President's office says. url.
The gunman who killed 9 people in Munich was li Sonboly, neighbors of the 18-year-old told CNN. url.
Sixty-one dead, 207 injured in Kabul bombing, says fghan Health Ministry spokesman. url url.
Two ISIS fighters detonated suicide belts in deadly Kabul attack, ISIS' media wing says. url.
Blast rips through demonstration in Kabul, fghanistan, killing 31 people and injuring more than 160, official says. url.
Most of the nine victims killed in the Munich shooting were teenagers, officials say. url.
Evidence found in Munich gunman's family apartment indicate he researched shooting rampages, police say. url.
There are no indications that gunman in deadly hashtag mall shooting had a connection to ISIS, police say. url.
Heavy rains triggered flooding, landslides in China this week, leaving at least 72 people dead, authorities say. url.
California Gov. denied parole to ex-Manson family member Leslie Van Houten. url.
Shooter who killed 9 in hashtag Germany, was 18-year-old German-Iranian, police say url.
Hillary Clinton announces she has selected Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia as her running mate url url.
Man who killed himself after Munich shootings thought to be only gunman, police say. url url.
t least 9 killed in Munich gunfire, police say. A gunman may be among the dead. url.
Death toll in shopping center attack rises to 8, Munich police say url.
Witness: Munich gunman came out of McDonald's bathroom and shot children as they ate url url.
There are at least 3 attackers on the loose after shooting spree at Munich mall, police say. url url.
"Miami police name officer who shot unarmed black man lying in the street earlier this week..
url url.
German media reporting 6 people dead in Munich shooting spree url url.
t least one shooter on the loose after gunfire in Munich, police spokeswoman says. url url.
Several dead in shooting at Munich shopping mall, CNN affiliate NTV reports. url url.
Police say the shooting spree at a shopping mall in Munich, Germany, is over. A large police operation is underway. url.
There is an ongoing shooting spree at a shopping mall in Munich, Germany, a police spokesperson tells CNN. url.
New analysis confirms 45 athletes tested positive for banned substances in London and Beijing Olympic Games. url.
Police union says officer was aiming for other man and accidentally struck Charles Kinsey. url url.
Search underway for air force plane missing in southern India on Friday morning, Indian military says. url.
New Prince url photos released on young royal's third birthday. url.
hashtag search to be suspended if it's not found in search zone, officials say in email to passengers' next of kin. url.
Zika found in common house mosquitoes in Brazil. url.
Iconic sphere that stood in front of World Trade Center's twin towers will return to original home 15 years later. url.
merican fighting with Kurdish troops in Syria was killed fighting ISIS, according to Kurdish group of fighters. url.
Colorado town warns that well is contaminated with THC url url.
NB moves 2017 ll-Star Game out of Charlotte, NC, because of transgender bathroom law, league announces. url.
Fox News chief Roger iles leaves network after harassment allegations. Rupert Murdoch now CEO, company says url.
Man who drove truck into crowd in France, killing 84, plotted for months with accomplices, French prosecutor says. url.
DOJ sues to block 2 healthcare mergers: etna-Humana, Cigna-nthem. Says they aren't in consumers' best interest. url.
Police arrest 10 suspects who were planning terrorism acts during the Olympics, Brazil's Justice Ministry says. url.
LIVE: Ted Cruz faces Texas delegates after hashtag speech. url url.
Man shot in leg by North Miami Police was lying down with hands up, lawyer says. url url.
Russia loses its appeal of the ban of its track and field athletes from the 2016 Olympics. url.
Nuclear submarine damaged after a "glancing collision" with merchant vessel, UK Ministry of Defense says. url.
Transgender student accuses school of 'stigmatizing' treatment. url.
Trump son denies trying to lure Kasich to be unusually powerful VP: uWhat am I, a meathead?" url url.
Changes on the Road to 270: Pennsylvania now a battleground state; Colorado and Wisconsin lean Democratic. url.
Hundreds of Southwest flights delayed due to technical issues. url url.
U.S. Rep. Mark Takai of Hawaii dies at 49. url url.
Texas voter ID law violates the Voting Rights ct, federal appeals court rules. url url.
Turkish President declares 3-month state of emergency after coup attempt. url url.
Baton Rouge cop killer Gavin Long suffered from PTSD, a source involved in investigation told CNNos Chris Cuomo. url.
A whale carcass that kept washing up at Southern California beaches has been cut up and taken to a landfill. url.
"Florida investigates possible non-travel related case of Zika virus in Miami-Dade County..
url url.
TV, movie legend Garry Marshall, who created uHappy Days,u has died at 81, publicist says. url url.
Kansas City, KS, police officer shot while investigating armed disturbance has died, doctor at hospital says. url.
Officer has life-threatening wounds after answering armed disturbance call in Kansas City, Kansas, police say. url.
RNC official cites "My Little Pony" in defense of Melania Trump's plagiarized speech. url url.
Sources: Wright State University pulls out of hosting presidential debate 9/26; debate moves to Hofstra University url.
3 arrested in alleged repeat gang rape in India. url.
The Trump campaign has no plans to fire or discipline anyone over Melania Trump's speech. url.
Corey Lewandowski: Trump aide who worked on Melania's speech should be held accountable. url.
Police: ISIS-like flag found in train attacker's apartment url.
Chris Christie tells CNN's Jamie Gangel: "No way that Melania Trump was plagiarizing Michelle Obama's speech" url.
RNC chairman Reince Priebus: I'd "probably" fire whoever included plagiarized quotes in Melania Trump's speech. url.
Trump campaign denies allegations Melania Trump plagiarized a Michelle Obama speech at RNC. url url.
Philippines rejects talks with China over sea dispute, after China said landmark ruling could not even be mentioned. url.
Turkey has requested U.S. extradite cleric it blames for coup attempt, PM says. url url.
Student in India was allegedly gang-raped by same 2 men who raped her 3 years ago, police say. url.
"t least 26 people die after tour bus crashes into guardrail, catches fire in Taiwan, official news agency says..
url.
Trump campaign: "Beautiful" Melania speech "included fragments that reflected her thinking." url url.
"Part of Melania Trump speech plagiarized from Michelle Obamaos. Watch them side-by-side..
url url.
North Korea fires three ballistic missiles, South Korean military says. url url.
Man with ax said to have attacked people on German train shot dead by police, official says url url.
Several people injured in stabbing attack on German train. url.
Exclusive: Turkey President says he'll call for extradition of Muslim cleric in U.S. who he blames for coup attempt. url.
Exclusive: Turkey President calls coup attempt treason, says he'd approve death penalty if question came to him. url.
Baltimore Police Lt. Brian Rice found not guilty on all charges related to death of Freddie Gray. url.
Report: Russia operated a state-sponsored doping program while it hosted the 2014 Sochi Winter Games url.
Turkish Prime Minister revises the death toll from a failed military coup over the weekend from 290 to 232. url.
Man who says he fled North Korea found in Japanese town of Senzaki, police say. url url.
"More than 6,000 people have been detained in Turkey in connection with the failed coup, officials say..
url.
Chinese migrant worker with no college degree has found solution to complex math problem, wowing academics. url.
Montrell Jackson, Matthew Gerald and Brad Garafola are the 3 Baton Rouge officers shot dead. url url.
Baton Rouge officer Montrell Jackson was 1 of 3 officers killed Sunday, family member says. url url.
University of California, Berkeley, says student Nicolas Leslie died in attack in Nice. url url.
oWe need to temper our words and open our hearts,o Obama says after Baton Rouge shootings url url.
President Obama speaking about Baton Rouge police shooting. Watch CNN. url url.
Baton Rouge police shooter is identified as 29-year-old Gavin Long, two officials tell CNN. url url.
Baton Rouge shootings are an oabsolutely unspeakable heinous attack,o Gov. Edwards says. url url.
There is not an oactive shooter scenarioo in Baton Rouge, official says at conference. url url.
Louisiana State Police holding conference on officer shootings in Baton Rouge. Watch CNN: url url.
Henrik Stenson wins wins The Open at Royal Troon after a final round 63. url url.
3 officers shot dead, 3 wounded in Baton Rouge attack that officials think was carried out by multiple gunmen. url.
