Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and hashtag - sad &amp; irrelevant!.
name You were fantastic in defending both the Second mendment and me last night on name Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock.
name oNow cut off my mic!o Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump, 2nd mendment i HETED! url.
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2 stance. I said pro-2 citizens must url and get out vote to save our Constitution!.
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?.
"Thank you Senator name hashtag.
url.
"Thank you name hashtag.
url.
"Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina!.
hashtag url.
name name Loved Trump's answers to voters questions this morning! Trump's economic plan will help hashtag hashtag.
name name name great interview.....all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016".
I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!.
Will be interviewed on name now!.
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!.
's Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.' url url.
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails..
Thank you Newt! url.
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo! url url.
"Thank you Senator David Perdue!.
url url.
"Thank you name.
url url.
Thank you name together we will hashtag url.
Thank you! url.
Thank you lex! url.
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!.
Join me in Fayetteville, North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at: url.
hashtag "Will Media pologize to Trump?" url.
Michael Morell, the lightweight former cting Director of C.I.., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!.
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, "the baby" and so much more. Very dishonest!.
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!.
Thank you Windham, New Hampshire! hashtag hashtag url.
name - 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate'.
url.
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!.
hashtag is not fit to be our next president! hashtag.
url.
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHO CIRCUITED, and other things!.
nybody whose mind "SHO CIRCUITS" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word "BRINWSHED.".
Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she "SHO CIRCUITED" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!.
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!.
"Good luck hashtag.
hashtag hashtag url.
"'Trump is right about violent crime: Itos on the rise in major cities'.
url.
Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! Governor name and I will be back soon. hashtag hashtag url.
"DON'T LET HILLRY CLINTON DO IT GIN!.
hashtag.
url.
Thank you Des Moines, Iowa! Governor name and I appreciate your support! hashtag hashtag url.
hashtag url.
"Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President..
url.
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!.
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding. I won't dodge questions as your President. url.
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!.
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie..
"See you tomorrow w/ Gov. name Iowa &amp; Wisconsin!.
3pm- url.
7pm- url url.
"Thank you Portland, Maine!.
hashtag.
url url.
Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you name hashtag url.
Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors &amp; counting here in Maine, thank you! name url.
"Looking forward to I &amp; WI with Gov. Pence, tomorrow. Join us! hashtag.
url.
url url.
"Thank you Jacksonville, Florida!.
hashtag.
url url.
"Thank you for your support of my candidacy! hashtag hashtag.
url.
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach, Florida! hashtag hashtag url.
"THNK YOU Daytona Beach, Florida!.
hashtag url.
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!.
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!.
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!.
My daughter name will be on name tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! url.
Report raises questions about oClinton Casho from Russians during oreset' url.
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!.
hashtag John Podestaos Brother Pocketed $180,000 from Putinos Uranium Company: url url.
hashtag url.
"Join me in Florida tomorrow!.
hashtag.
.
Daytona | 3pm-.
url.
.
Jacksonville | 7pm-.
url.
STTEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBM'S FILED LEDERSHIP: url.
Thank you Virginia! hashtag url.
The Washington Post calls out hashtag for what she RELLY is. A PTHOLOGICL LIR! Watch that nose grow! url.
Great afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia! url.
Just leaving Mechanicsburg, P. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon. hashtag url.
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!.
Thanks to name for your kind words, very much appreciated..
"Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville:.
.
Daytona | 3pm- url.
Jacksonville | 7pm- url.
During the GOP convention, CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They donot want them heard. url.
When will CNN do a segment on Hillaryos plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?.
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam..
Hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN. url.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors. hashtag hashtag url.
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon. hashtag hashtag url.
"Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia!.
hashtag hashtag url.
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!.
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life..
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?.
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?.
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs..
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton..
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at: url.
hashtag.
url.
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!.
When I said in an interview that Putin is "not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down," I am saying if I am President. lready in Crimea!.
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RDICL ISLMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!.
Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!.
Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing name is a joke. name is laughable!.
name Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media, HillaryClinton wouldn't stand a chance. hashtag and hashtag her only hope.".
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?.
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. m I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!.
Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RDICL ISLMIC TERROR and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it!.
Nielson Media Research final numbers on CCEPTNCE SPEECH: TRUMP 32.2 MILLION. CLINTON 27.8 MILLION. Thank you!.
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention hashtag over Crooked Hillary and DEMS..
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! name name.
"NTO commander agrees members should pay up via name.
url.
Wow, NTO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!.
The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!.
Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP.
hashtag = Obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below. url.
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NFT?.
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!.
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings.
hashtag url.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!.
Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities..
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!.
"While I am in OH &amp; P - you can also join name in Nevada on Mon!.
.
Carson City: url.
.
Reno: url.
"Join me Monday in Columbus, Ohio &amp; Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! hashtag.
.
3pm in OH: url.
.
7pm in P: url.
merican homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the 'merican Dream!' url.
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not..
"Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars,.
NFT/TPP support &amp; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.".
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country..
name name ONLY TRUMP CN UNITE MERIC ND FIX OBM'S MISTKES!!! hashtag url.
"Thank you Denver, Colorado!.
hashtag url.
s usual, Hillary &amp; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!.
hashtag Job pplication url.
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts..
"Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!.
hashtag hashtag url.
Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out &amp; VOTE hashtag in November! url.
"Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal." url.
Even Bill is tired of the lies, SD! url.
"Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!.
.
Colorado Springs: url.
.
Denver: url.
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton. url.
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!.
Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!.
In Hillary Clinton's merica - things get worse. hashtag url.
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!.
"Thank you!.
.
Facebook: url.
.
Instagram: url url.
Crooked Hillary said that I "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!.
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town! hashtag.
"Little" Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!.
General John llen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BD hashtag.
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!.
Join name at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets: url.
name "I believe in science" Dem code for "we're shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing"".
"CMPIGN STTEMENT:.
url.
Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LW ND ORDER!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and url to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!.
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. name and the little watched name = SD!.
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes..
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world..
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety..
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!.
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words..
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country..
Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT! url.
hashtag url.
"""Dems warn not to underestimate Trump's potential win"".
url.
Great to be back in Iowa! hashtag with name joining me in Davenport- this past winter. hashtag url.
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton..
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NFT, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees..
"MERIC'S FUTURE.
url.
Bernie caved! url.
name Poll: Donald Trump Sees 17-Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - Breitbart url name Great!.
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesnot exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. hashtag.
name name name stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE".
name Barack is offended that name will demand that hashtag allies pay their fair share. hashtag.
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair..
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!.
"Join me live in Toledo, Ohio!.
hashtag.
url.
hashtag url.
"Thank you Pennsylvania!.
hashtag.
url url.
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! hashtag url.
"""Trump right: Illegal families crossing border set to double, 51,152 so far"".
url.
"Great new poll - thank you!.
hashtag url.
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!.
"Join our next Vice President, name in Wisconsin tonight &amp; Michigan Thursday!.
.
MI: url.
WI: url.
Not one merican flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic.
Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!.
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!.
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SD!.
Funny how the failing name is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said "Trump is a genius." merica 1st!.
s I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv..
"Just like I have warned from the beginning, Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP..
url.
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?.
I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!.
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!.
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. name.
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. name.
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia..
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!.
hashtag.
url.
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here..
Bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!.
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!.
"Thank you New Hampshire!.
hashtag url.
"Join us in Toledo, Ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm! hashtag hashtag.
Tickets: url url.
"Join us tomorrow in Scranton, Pennsylvania at 3pm!.
hashtag hashtag.
Tickets: url url.
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch..
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great.
Funny, if you listen to name the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference.
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. ll of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time..
Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!.
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs..
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself..
I was at name and met Juan Williams in passing. He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!.
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!.
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers..
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War..
"Thank you OHIO! hashtag.
url url.
"Thank you Roanoke, Virginia- be back soon! hashtag.
url url.
"MKE MERIC SFE ND GRET GIN! hashtag.
url url.
hashtag.
url url.
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. hashtag.
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHNGE!.
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!.
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie..
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same..
Thank you! hashtag url.
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!.
How much BD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!.
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me.
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix merica's problems. ISIS &amp; all others laughing!.
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!.
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!.
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!.
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out.
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild.
The name panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump. name is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!.
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!.
Today proves what I have always known, that name Priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz name.
Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SD!.
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders "political revolution." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!.
n analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates..
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWET ND TERS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!.
Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!.
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTL DISRESPECT.
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BD JUDGEMENT by H!.
hashtag.
hashtag url.
name name Dinesh D'Sousa Hillary's merica. see it".
name name Kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals url hashtag.
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!.
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!.
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!.
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!.
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!.
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. gainst steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NFT..
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED.
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. lso, Crooked Hillary hates her!.
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!.
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?.
name name General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS! hashtag.
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam..
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?.
nother attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich..
One of the best produced, including the incredible stage &amp; set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! name.
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!.
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!.
"MKE MERIC SFE ND GRET GIN! hashtag.
url.
FORML CCEPTNCE OF THE NOMINTION! hashtag url.
You can watch 360 video live from the podium! url hashtag hashtag hashtag.
This is a MOVEMENT! hashtag url.
Thank you name Proud of you! hashtag hashtag url.
"Great job name hashtag.
url.
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!.
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!.
I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!.
"Great job name Proud of you!.
hashtag hashtag url.
MKE MERIC GRET GIN! url.
rena was packed, totally electric!.
name was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P..
"Our next Vice President of the United States of merica, Gov. name.
hashtag hashtag.
hashtag url.
Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!.
"Great job name Proud of you!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
"Thank you name hashtag.
hashtag url.
Thank you to Governor name for such warm support. Great speech!.
Thank you name hashtag url.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
"Watching the hashtag.
hashtag hashtag.
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!.
"STTEMENT ON MELNI SPEECH.
url.
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails..
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!.
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!.
Bill Hemmer of name was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years..
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!.
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! MERIC FIRST!.
The ROLL CLL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!.
hashtag.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
hashtag.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
name Democrats are coming to TRUMP. I used to be proud of the dem party. No more It is crooked and not for the people.".
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! hashtag.
Will be on name tonight at 8:30pm name prior to Melania's speech at the hashtag Tune in- she will do great! hashtag.
hashtag.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
Networks other than low ratings name have been very fair and exciting!.
name is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VST MJORITY want: Make merica Great gain!.
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!.
"Thank you Mahoning County, Ohio! See you soon! hashtag.
url url.
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!.
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!.
name DonaldTrump and his running mate name to appear on hashtag in first joint interview. CBS url.
I will be on name tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LW ND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided US!.
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching.
"We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to....
url.
The ratings at name blow away the ratings of name - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like.
name is much better, and far more truthful, than name which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch..
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn't lie about her heritage (being Native merican) she would be nothing today. Pick her H.
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!.
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!.
s the days and weeks go by, we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!.
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make merica Great gain!.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over.
Thank you to Jack url Tamara Neo, Cheryl nn Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GRET JOB!.
name Great news! We've been nominated for Ireland's Best Golf Hotel 2016.We would appreciate your vote! url.
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never url MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
Thank you! hashtag url.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!.
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!.
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISSTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!.
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done.
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!.
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City..
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 .M..
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary dministration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary!.
hashtag is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!.
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement..
nother horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse..
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NFT..
"nother new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today!.
hashtag url url.
"Great new poll- thank you merica!.
hashtag hashtag url.
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow..
If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!.
Even the name and name Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?.
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!.
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others..
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity..
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone hashtag falls flat in nationwide name Having ZERO impact. Sad!!.
Lyin' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common. url.
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!.
"The Republican platform is most.
pro-Israel of all time!".
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MKE MERIC SFE GIN!.
hashtag is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida, Ohio, &amp; Pennsylvania. I haven't started yet! url.
Thank you Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania! hashtag is not qualified. hashtag url.
Thank you! hashtag url.
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!.
THNK YOU INDIN! hashtag url.
"Thank you Iowa- see you soon!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
I will be interviewed by name tonight on name at 8pm. Enjoy!.
The merican people agree. No free pass for hashtag url.
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first..
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton..
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs..
hashtag is not qualified!.
url.
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!.
Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!.
This election is a choice between law, order &amp; safety - or chaos, crime &amp; violence. I will make merica safe again for everyone. hashtag.
For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need..
Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had url.
"Speech on Veterans' Reform:.
url.
Great poll- Florida! Thank you! url.
Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan..
"Join me in Westfield, Indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm! hashtag.
Tickets: url url.
I heard that the underachieving John King of name on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network!.
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!.
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!.
Look what is happening to our country under the WEK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!.
"New poll - thank you! hashtag.
url url.
Way to go name - you are a true champion. Proud of you!.
"MKE MERIC SFE GIN!.
url url.
Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on name.
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami..
Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement url.
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country.
fter today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary..
"Thank you Speaker name.
hashtag hashtag url.
hashtag url.
Thank you Rep. Collins! hashtag url.
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!.
Great being in Cincinnati, Ohio last night- thank you! Off to Washington D.C. now. hashtag hashtag url.
"Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the 'Star of David' also?.
Dishonest media! hashtag url.
To all of my twitter followers, please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary. url.
To all of my twitter followers, please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary. url.
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live..
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes, name name.
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C..
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in .C. Others to follow. sk the Democrat City Council what happened to tlantic City..
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in tlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, irport - and destroyed City.
I made a lot of money in tlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies..
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!.
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges, url url.
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement..
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team "were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information." Not fit!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BD JUDGEMENT!.
I don't think the voters will url the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with "murder." Come November 8, she's out!.
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win.
I will be interviewed by name tonight on name at 11pm. Enjoy!.
My son, name will be interviewed by name tonight at 10pm on name Enjoy!.
Looking forward to meeting with name in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today..
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! hashtag.
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! s usual, bad judgment..
It was great spending time with name yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!.
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of ir Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!.
On name at 7:00 P.M. "Special: Meet the Trumps" Hope you enjoy!.
Why is President Obama allowed to use ir Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?.
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RDICL ISLM!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is "guilty as hell" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33,000 missing e-mails?.
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!.
I look forward to meeting name today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!.
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!.
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!.
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!.
Happy 4th of July! hashtag hashtag url url.
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!.
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!.
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!.
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S..G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!.
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S..G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting "go away, no pictures.".
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S..G. talked only about "grandkids" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?.
"THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!".
On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S..G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!.
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S..G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know..
Just watched name and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me.The good news-the people get it!.
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!.
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!.
Thank you name hashtag url.
"Thank you for your support!.
hashtag hashtag url.
Thank you! hashtag url.
"If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring! hashtag.
url.
"Crooked Hillary -- Makes History!.
hashtag hashtag url.
The hashtag to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep &amp; bear rms shall not be infringed upon. url.
hashtag hashtag url.
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release.
Just read in the failing name that I was not aware "the event had to be held in Cleveland" - a total lie. These people are sick!.
When you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. We will MKE MERIC SFE GIN! hashtag hashtag url.
Just returned from Colorado. mazing crowd!.
"Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado! hashtag hashtag.
url url.
Thank you for your support! We will MKE MERIC SFE ND GRET GIN! hashtag hashtag url.
"These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here. hashtag.
url.
"Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father, shot at by a Palestinian terrorist, was killed while:.
url.
Horrible killing of a 13 year old merican girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough. url.
name great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!.
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?.
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter..
s Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
I will be interviewed by name tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!.
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!.
The very dishonest name refuses to accept the fact that I have url my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!.
"One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out merica..
url.
"Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them!.
url.
New book by name is absolutely terrific and a must read! hashtag.
The story with Hillary will never change. url.
For reasons only they can explain, the name wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better..
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!.
name name name s of pril this year, Hillary had spent $264,000,000 on her campaign Mr.Trump $55,000,000. self funding".
I will be on name at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!.
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!.
Will be in Bangor, Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center! url url.
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MKE MERIC GRET GIN! hashtag url.
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on name - He was great! Thank you John..
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?.
The name must fight harder for the merican worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts.
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!.
name name thanks for sharing Eric we need name now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe".
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States..
"Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Will.
the world ever realize what is going on? So sad.".
"Hillary Clintonos Presidency would be catastrophic for.
the future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.".
"Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It just.
never seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton.".
"Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here:.
url.
hashtag hashtag.
name Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on YouTube".
name name name name name This is why I would think the unions would support name for hashtag.
name name also can't help but notice the stock market's reaction as name was speaking. hashtag.
name name name let's get Trump supporters out in massive numbers and make merica Great gain - create jobs".
name Good for name he's smart on business. Maybe If corporations weren't overtaxed they would stay. Voting for hashtag.
name I'll be a guest today on Making Money with name on name Fox Business 6 PM ET / 3 PM PT Discussing name Tune in!".
name is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore..
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November.
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage..
name Trump voters don't scare or back down. Our numbers are growing &amp; we're taking our country BCK. hashtag hashtag.
name "Under a Trump presidency, merica will make brilliant new trade deals!" iDonald Trump hashtag url.
name Hillary read "sigh" off the Teleprompter, She's so fake she has to be told how to feel: url name.
name name name we know they're fake just like poles during primary. I'm sure u will crush hashtag in general".
The "dirty" poll done by name name is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good..
Crooked Hillary ttacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own: url.
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time.
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!.
People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHNGE -- and JOBS!.
Top 50 Facts bout Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' ddress: url.
The name poll sample is heavy on Democrats. Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!.
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support son.
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call..
url Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls.
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!.
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!.
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!.
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. hashtag.
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place..
Thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined us name yesterday! name name name url.
On the 13th tee box name with my grand daughter, Kai! name url.
"rriving name with name &amp; name Back to New York tonight..
Video: url.
So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. ll talk, no action!.
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. hashtag.
name name nd we will get it back once we have President Trump! Can't wait!".
name name What has happened in the UK in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in November..vote TRUMP 2016.
Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!.
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!.
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster.
I want all mericans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects url.
New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal &amp; illegal immigrants url.
merica is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp; ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, &amp; as a people w/a shared history..
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see..
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave &amp; brilliant vote..
"Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membership.
url.
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take merica back. No games!.
Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great ilsa Course. lways support kids!.
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!.
Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton. url.
"Read my full statement here on the Supreme Court's executive amnesty decision hashtag.
url.
Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. Iom not watching it much anymore. url.
CNN, which is totally biased in favor of Clinton, should apologize. They knew they were wrong. url.
Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border..
"On immigration, Iom consulting with our immigration officers.
&amp; our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.".
Obama &amp; Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, &amp; start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration..
Hillary Clintonos open borders are tearing merican families apart. I am going to make our country Safe gain for all mericans. hashtag.
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic &amp; frican-merican workers..
"Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families.
hashtag.
url.
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama." -- Donald J. Trump.
"Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency." -- Donald J. Trump.
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been "disqualifying.".
name You have great children, future presidents...and we all see were raised right and out there for their father." Thank you..
name brilliant 3 word response to Hillary's 'I'm With You' slogan url name url.
name name great speech today!! It's all about merica and that's why you will become president!!!!" Thank you..
hashtag url url.
hashtag url.
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between mericanism and her corrupt globalism. hashtag.
name name name name Saw your interview.You are the best! Great questions, great answers" Lou is great.
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!.
I will be interviewed by name tonight on name 7pm ET.
Hillary defrauded merica as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest..
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty &amp; judgment, ask the family of mbassador Stevens..
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays..
I am "the king of debt."That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S..
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T. They have bankrupted url.
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all mericans - and make everyone less safe..
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?.
"Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as.
Secretary of State, costing mericans millions of jobs.".
Hillary says this election is about judgment. She's right. Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy..
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton..
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!.
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees.
name We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHMPION!.
name Watch out HillaryClinton ue Support name uaua uaua hashtag uaua url.
Yesterday's failing name fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech, when in fact, it was packed! url.
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!.
"Donald Trump's Speech Is a Game Changer. hashtag.
url url.
See you soon rizona! hashtag url.
"I love you rizona! Thank you!.
hashtag hashtag url.
"MKE MERIC GRET GIN! MKE MERIC SFE GIN!.
hashtag hashtag url.
"Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!.
Join me in Phoenix, rizona today at 4pm! hashtag hashtag url url.
"Thank you Houston, Texas!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
Thank you! hashtag url.
The convention in Cleveland will be amazing! url.
Thank you- on my way! url.
Thank you name url.
"Join me in Phoenix, rizona tomorrow at 4pm! hashtag hashtag.
url url.
THNK YOU! hashtag url.
MKE MERIC GRET GIN! MKE MERIC SFE GIN!.
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando.
mazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!.
name The media attack on name is relentless. They are desperate. But, they keep hashtag in the news - a good thing..
"Thank you Dallas, Texas!.
url url.
"Thank you Dallas, Texas!.
url url.
"Houston, TX:.
url.
.
Las Vegas, NV.
url.
.
Phoenix, Z:.
url url.
Join me in Houston, Texas tomorrow night at 7pm! Tickets: url url.
"Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer." url url.
The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS! url.
"Mcllen, Texas- 8 miles from.
U.S. - Mexico border. hashtag.
Video: url url.
name name is a Common Sense Conservative! President Trump=Competence, Safety, Unity, &amp; US JOBS, JOBS, JOB..
I will be interviewed on name at 7:00 P.M. name.
"Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!.
url.
"Join me in Dallas, Texas on Thursday!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
Thank you tlanta, url Will be back soon! hashtag url.
I will be meeting with the NR, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns..
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!.
n: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump "may have insinuated about name But he's right: url.
Thank you Greensboro, North Carolina! Will be back soon! hashtag url.
"TONIGHT! NOH CROLIN:.
url.
.
WEDNESDY! GEORGI:.
url.
.
STURDY! NEVD:.
url.
HPPY 241st BIHDAY to the name THNK YOU! url.
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs..
MERIC FIRST!.
merican must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening..
"Join me in tlanta on Wednesday- at noon! hashtag.
Tickets: url url.
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi rabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- cont'd: url.
Saudi rabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd: url.
I thought people werenot celebrating? They were cheering all over, even this savage from Orlando. I was right. url.
In my speech on protecting merica I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror..
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign, we are hereby: url.
I am no fan of President Obama, but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is: url.
TERRORISM, IMMIGRTION, ND NTIONL SECURITY SPEECH- TRNSCRIPT: url url.
Congratulations to the 2016 hashtag Champions, Pittsburgh name.
I am watching name and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and name and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying.
I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M..
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!.
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough.
name name Please make us safe. We cannot have Hillary as president. We will be in so much trouble..
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted "llah hu kbar!" as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in L with rifles near Gay parade..
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!.
ppreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness &amp; vigilance. We must be smart!.
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart &amp; vigilant?.
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!.
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded..
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native merican in order to advance her career. Very racist!.
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly. url.
Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro, North Carolina! hashtag hashtag url.
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! Will be back soon! hashtag url.
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! hashtag url.
"Thank you Tampa, Florida!.
hashtag hashtag url.
Sad case- name did article saying I don't pay bills- false, only don't pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done! They should do same!.
In Tampa, Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to hashtag url.
Don King, and so many other frican mericans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!.
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is.
"Thank you Richmond, Virginia!.
hashtag url.
"Thank you name Coalition! n honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values..
hashtag hashtag url.
"Heading to Richmond, Virginia now. Join me tonight! hashtag.
Tickets: url.
hashtag hashtag url.
"I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!.
url.
"2004 VIDEO:.
Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change! hashtag.
url.
Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO..
"""Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOP.
Legacy Of Leading On Womenos, Civil Rights gainst Racist, Sexist Democrats"".
url.
The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!.
"Join me!.
6/10: Richmond, V - 8pm.
6/11: Tampa, FL - 11am.
6/11: Pittsburgh, P - 3pm.
6/13: Portsmouth, NH - 2:30pm.
url.
name RECORD 14 million primary votes/beat 16 opponents/financed own campaign. You will be a great POTUS &amp; hashtag.
name name "Never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by name url.
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice..
name Trump's Historic 13 Million Primary Votes - A Record ... Congratulations name url.
"Join me! hashtag.
.
6/10: Richmond.
url.
.
6/11: Tampa.
url.
.
6/11: Pittsburgh.
url.
Thank you Roseanne, very much appreciated. url.
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33,000 emails that you deleted? url.
" message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel viv:.
url.
Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obamaibut nobody else does!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!.
s expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!.
name name please Mr.Trump make name your VP. He is a perfect running mate." He is a great guy!.
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me..
name JohnKasich, the VOTERS have spoken.We want name You GREED to support NOMINEE. Get on board or leave name.
name name You will be the greatest president the world has ever seen" Thanks..
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!.
name name Congratulations Mr. Trump." Thank you!.
name Senator Sanders spent more than name yet lost.".
"MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
name name Why name name WHERE IS THE REPOING name &lt;MOST VOTES FOR PRESIDENT IN HISTORY OF US".
name HISTORIC!! what's historic is OUR national debt, record unemployment, &amp;pocketbook crisis!THE PEOPLE NEED TRUMP2 make US RICH!".
name name Great speach!!!!!!!" Thanks!.
name . name doing name on name is awesome. "Number one presidency of all time".
name Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot. Shame on you".
Nobody is watching name anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!.
name name fans, greatest way to get even with her Highness - vote for name at least you'll have a job..
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved.
name Gee ... Does this make name right one more time? url.
name Standing by name all the way to the White House! url.
"Thank you California! hashtag.
url url.
"Thank you New Mexico! hashtag.
url url.
"Thank you South Dakota! hashtag.
url url.
"Thank you New Jersey! hashtag.
url url.
"Thank you Montana! hashtag.
url url.
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues.
I will be interviewed tonight on name - Enjoy! 10:00 P.M..
Thank you! Together we will hashtag url.
In just out book, Secret Service gent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!.
A former Secret Service gent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRTIC &amp; VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres.
See, when I said NTO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection, they made the change without giving me url.
Thank you Diamond and Silk! url.
Remembering the fallen heroes on hashtag - June 6, 1944. url.
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!.
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's RELLY bad!.
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!.
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish hashtag so too should our country. We can be great!.
People like name report on my campaign, but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!.
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!.
I am watching name very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!.
The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as name is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors.
name Our ineffective hashtag has to make a speech in hashtag to make everything look great. Mr. Trump hashtag.
"Thank you ttorney General Gonzales, so many people feel this way..
url.
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010..
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!.
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the merican flag and laughed at police.
name Thank You Mr. Trump for Standing up for Our Country! hashtag JOIN ME ON THE hashtag url.
name Hereos The HILLRY UNIVERSITY Scandal No One In The Media Is Talking bout url name.
Muhammad li is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!.
"Thank you Redding, California!.
hashtag hashtag url.
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile..
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event name taking place on June 24th..
"""I'm a former chief of police in a border town. I'm Hispanic, I'm proud to be Hispanic and I'm 100% behind Trump."".
url.
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!.
I don't watch or do name anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!.
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned m flag!.
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!.
name Yes! Hubby and I voted 4 name already! url Thank you..
name I think the first female president of the US will be name a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady!".
name This is rich coming from her. She tweeted you will be president! hashtag hashtag url.
name Clinton says Trump is dangerous. Who's the one who killed 4 mericans in Benghazi? url.
name name name Looks like several legal Hispanics supporting Trump! They know he will be good for them too.".
Then, on June 25th- back to the US to MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
fter name I will visit name in Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the tlantic Ocean..
fter name I will be visiting berdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club, name.
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated name Resort, the worlds best..
"Join me in Redding, California- tomorrow at 1:00pm. hashtag.
Tickets: url.
name Thank you for the nice piece in name / name.
Keep up the great work! url.
name name Only Trump can save merica. Right leader at the right time." THNK YOU!.
name name she's a criminal and you're the only person that can stop her.".
name THIS IS name LEGCY! N BSOLUTE DISSTER!!! WE NEED name NOW!! hashtag hashtag url.
name name A vote for Trump is a vote to restore our great country.".
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!.
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make merica Great gain!.
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!.
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions..
fter the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres..
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews &amp; will win case!.
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC..
"Join me in San Jose, California- tonight!.
hashtag hashtag.
Tickets: url url.
Wow, US Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?.
Do you ever notice that name gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P.
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BD judgement!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!.
name name I already voted for you! My wife did as well! I represent hashtag We represent hashtag hashtag.
name name name name name Not for slackers! Happy w/courses I took." Thanks..
Thank you Sacramento, California! hashtag url.
Same failing name "reporter" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!.
"Join me in San Jose, California- tomorrow evening at 7pm!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased..
Congratulations to name on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight name 10pE..
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days..
Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely url should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc..
I will be interviewed on name tonight at 10pmE on name Enjoy!.
"Join me in Sacramento, California-tomorrow evening name 7pm! hashtag.
url url.
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job..
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERNS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave!.
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERNS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!.
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 .M. today, Trump Tower!.
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me..
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. n Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump.
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!.
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record.
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
name Trump rallies veterans at annual Rolling Thunder Gathering url url.
name how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east.".
name Trump Supports Rolling Thunder Rally hashtag STRONG url So true, and remember the M.I..'s!.
name Donald Trump and Bikers Share ffection at Rolling Thunder Rally url A great day in D.C.!.
name hashtag "Illegals are taken care of better than our veterans." url url.
The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol gents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!.
In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol gents (thank you), the statement was made that the WLL was very necessary!.
Obama says a WLL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H..
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!.
The Republican Party has to be smart &amp; strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!.
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP can't control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, R's!.
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do..
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. mazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!.
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them..
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of merican lives lost. hashtag.
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!.
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!.
I am always on the front page of the failing name but when I won the GOP nomination, I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!.
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp; get much better results! What we need as Prez!.
The failing name wrote a story about my management style &amp; that I don't have many people. I have 73, Hillary has 800- &amp; I'm beating her..
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you..
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH.
Great rally in Fresno, California- great crowd! Thank you! hashtag url.
"Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media accounts:.
url.
name Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!.
Thank you name many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. ppreciate it- love your music!.
"Wow- 25,000 in San Diego, California!.
Thank you!! hashtag url.
I am on name tonight, a big special. name at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY!.
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on name tonight- name at 8pmE. Watch it, should be good! hashtag.
"N MERIC FIRST ENERGY PLN.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
Poll data shows that name does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MJORITY. Run Marco!.
Today we, together, won the Republican Nomination for President! url.
"My wife name and my children will be featured on name with name 7pmE. Enjoy!.
hashtag hashtag.
"Celebrating 1237! hashtag.
url.
"Thank you! hashtag.
url.
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native merican to get in Harvard..
Thank you Mr. &amp; Mrs. name for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be url hashtag.
name just watched you on name thank you!.
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H..
"Thank you naheim, California!.
hashtag url.
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history..
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it.
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren name has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. ll talk, no action!.
name Washington, BIG Thank You for supporting Trump! We are all going to help Trump Make merica Great gain! Trump2016!".
name name high energy!".
name Great speech tonight Mr.Trump! Good Luck in California! Thank you..
name name congratulations from India".
name name UP TO 8.4 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CN'T STOP THE hashtag uoC hashtag.
name name hashtag.
name name Great job! Make merica Great gain!".
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.. Big rally in naheim..
"Thank you Washington! hashtag.
hashtag url.
Great honor to receive today's endorsement of name Really nice! hashtag.
fter raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldn't believe protesters formed name Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLRY!.
"Thank you name for setting the failing name story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written!.
url.
A suggestion for the dishonest media- url.
A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by name url.
A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it &amp; you will never be able to vote for her. name url.
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!.
I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!.
mazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media..
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups..
While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 &amp; 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERNS. Nice!.
"Join me in California or Montana!.
5/25/16: naheim, California.
url.
5/26/16: Billings, Montana.
url.
I will be interviewed on name at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!.
"Obamaos V Secretary just said we shouldn't measure.
wait times. Hillary says V problems are not owidespread.o I will take care of.
our vets!".
Is Hillary really protecting women? url.
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be MERIC FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
Thank you merica! hashtag url.
The merican people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!.
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!.
"Join me on Wednesday, May 25th at the naheim Convention Center!.
hashtag hashtag.
Tickets: url url.
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We canot allow this. Time to get smart and protect merica!.
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women?.
Why do the networks continue to put dopey name on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?.
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!.
Crooked Hillary said that I want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!.
name I trust name more anyone ever to protect merica.He WILL do the right thing for the U.S., without a doubt..
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes! hashtag url.
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!.
MKE MERIC GRET GIN! url.
name is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!.
name Hillary wants to rip the guns out of merica's hands. No guns = no protection. Get on hashtag &amp; join name to stop her.".
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!.
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TS is falling apart, just like our government! irports a total disaster!.
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd mendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!.
Thank you name for the wonderful statement that "the new par 3 9th hole name Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain.".
name name Best Links Course in Britain. ilsa Course opens June '16 Can't wait to play it url.
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today name It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! hashtag.
"Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre, Chris Cox &amp; the name.
hashtag hashtag url.
Thank you! n honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the name prior to name hashtag hashtag url.
Failing name will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!.
"Thanks url.
""Trump is the most unpredictable, extraordinary, entertaining&amp;massively popular candidate this country has ever seen.""".
Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the hashtag at a private event. hashtag cc: name url.
I am on my way! See you all soon! url.
" Call for Unity" by Jason Greenblatt name url.
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LUGHS!.
Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!.
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!.
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie said the same thing!.
"Thank you name We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!.
url.
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the name as a disgusting fraud? Thank you Rowanne..
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. irplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!.
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!.
Some low-life journalist claims that I "made a pass" at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the name story which has become a joke!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
Thank you Louisiana! hashtag url.
"Thank you rizona! See you soon!.
hashtag url.
Why did Clinton supporter name declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when P hasn't even called the race?.
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!.
Paul Begala, the dopey name flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me..
name name Trump for President! Bernie is a joke, knows nothing - and Hillary is yesterday's and today's nightmare".
name The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true merican looking out for hashtag.
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GRET STTE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you..
"Thank you Oregon! hashtag.
hashtag url.
name Hillary Just Handed name a Huge Gift: Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy! hashtag.
name No way I believe Trump at 70% disapproval with women. Went to 3 rallies. t least 1/2 women. MSM LIES name.
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited name hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign.
name name name He will destroy Hillary but why give CNN record breaking ratings CNN can go to hell. Trump 2016".
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!.
I can't believe that name would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!.
name name name name That man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president.
Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how "THE MOVEMENT" does in Oregon tonight!.
Will go back on for a final question now!.
name name mazing job".
name Great interview! Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. Never change, never url you are our messenger!".
I like Michael Douglas!.
name name name Best interview that I have ever seen..
name name name Great interview Megyn".
name name name name name and we love you Diamond and Silk" I do also!.
name Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. Cannot wait until u r president hashtag.
name name name That's why he is so successful. He is driven to succeed" True!.
name Lovely interview, Mr. Trump! name Thanks..
name name name Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say..it was very well done on both their parts".
name name We actually really do love you!" Great!.
name name name hashtag Thank you for this discourse. Wounds have been healed. Great job!".
name name name it was refreshing to see you both in a different light. Well done.".
name name name Trump is a great man and is FIGHTING for We The People!".
name name name we need Trump more then ever Megyn. Thanks..
name name name we need Trump more then ever Megan Please don't lose it for merica for us!".
name Kudos to name and name for rising above the drama and coming together. Very respectful and classy uec".
name name name Made me feel good to hear you both so gracious. Great job".
name name You are a fighter and we LOVE that about you! Don't listen to these people who want you to change!".
name name great interview with name !" Thanks..
name name One thing we know for sure name supporters will turn to hashtag - absolutely not name.
name name speaks from the heart 4 all of merica.His intention is for a positive future 4 all. name name.
name you are fearless! This interview shows you are the Leader we need. name is a tough interview! Respect to both".
name name name what's with the soft wimpy questions?!? It's not a therapy session ..!!" Not really soft at all!.
name name amazing on Megan Kelly" Thanks..
name name Watching you on Fox with name now. Can't wait to hear what you two talked about.".
I will be live tweeting name Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!.
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. pologize?.
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!.
I will be live tweeting my interview with name on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy! url.
I look forward to watching name tonight, 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats meiI think she will be very fair..
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NFT, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?.
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the "energizer" to D.C.?.
hashtag at clerk's offices &amp; 185 ballot drop boxes in hashtag.
Closes at 8pm! url.
url.
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!.
mazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history.
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China.
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. "You can tell them to go BLNK themselves" - was about China, NOT WOMEN!.
Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?.
name OREGON votes today! Go vote for name and kick it BIG TIME! url.
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no..
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!.
"In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue." This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history!.
The writer of the now proven false story in the name Michael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond..
Over 50 women were interviewed by the name yet they only wrote about 6. Thatos because there were so many positive statements..
No wonder the name is failingiwho can believe what they write after the false, malicious &amp; libelous story they did on me..
The failing name is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women..
"Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing name story yesterday joined name.
url.
Thank you, nthony name name "The Entrepreneur's Case for Trump" url.
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing name hit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud!.
A political commentator for name which I no longer watch, said "Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries." I set all-time record!.
Wow, Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing name story yesterday, was on name saying Times lied.
The name is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!.
That was an amazing interview on name - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the name is!.
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run..
"Great new poll- thank you!.
hashtag hashtag url.
The name report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration..
"Thank you url See you soon!.
hashtag url.
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!.
Why did the failing name refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!.
Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing name piece. Massive front page for that!.
Why doesn't the failing name write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTLLY dishonest!.
name name keep shining....the ppl will not let the media dim your light...we no longer believe them! hashtag Thanks..
name name name Everyone continues to pile onto Donald, but they can NEVER take away our votes!" Thank you!.
Everyone is laughing at the name for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use.
name name name OHIO WOMEN FOR TRUMP url.
name Leicester &amp; DonaldTrump seem to have the same trajectory, both were written off, but they keep scaling the heights. History?.
name name name I'm a women &amp; I 100% support name &amp; I have since the beginning. Thank you!.
The failing name wrote yet another hit piece on me. ll are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!.
Thank you for the nice words this morning name Well delivered and totally logical! name name.
name Sheldon delson Pledges $100 Million to Elect Trump President - Breitbart url.
Wow, name is really working hard to make me look as bad as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!.
Great new poll- thank you! url.
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?.
"n incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person I.
have such tremendous respect for. Thank you, Sheldon! url.
name Your story about me &amp; the carbon tax is absolutely incorrectiit is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!.
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!.
Great meeting with name Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C. hashtag url.
Great day in D.C. with name and Republican leadership. Things working out really well! hashtag url.
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, weod have no jobs in mericaishe doesnot have a clue..
In interview I told name that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!.
Isnot it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp; gets nothing done in Senate?.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See mediaiasking for increase!.
Our Native merican Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldnot care less about the merican workerdoes nothing to help!.
Our Native merican Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldnot care less about the merican workerdoes nothing to help!.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the womanos card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet uwhen a woman stands up to youu.
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose!.
Thanks Piers. url.
hashtag hashtag url.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didnot have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native merican heritage stops that and VP cold..
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!.
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!.
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!.
"Thank you Nebraska!.
hashtag hashtag url.
"Thank you West Virginia!.
hashtag hashtag url.
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me &amp; I canot tell the truth about her husband? Donot feel sorry for crooked Hillary!.
Hillary has bad judgment! url.
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!.
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan &amp; the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together, we will beat the Dems at all levels!.
Via name and Jason Greenblatt "Donald Trump is a Visionary With Talents Our Country Needs" name url.
"WEST VIRGINI hashtag TODY!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
"NEBRSK hashtag TODY!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position..
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary! name.
Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!.
. hashtag Great job on name this morning. Thank you for the nice words!.
Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
name uauaI am a woman &amp; I JUST VOTED FOR name hashtag hashtag hashtag url.
Thank you Jason Greenblatt name "For Our Children: Let's Elect Donald Trump" url.
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. ny negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!.
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!.
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beatishe had one!.
hashtag hashtag hashtag.
url.
url.
hashtag hashtag hashtag.
url.
url.
name name name Is Chris serious, lying or misinformed? Bill Clinton signed NFT url.
name name name The liars that signed the pledge and now won't support name IS the reason they are losers.
name name you had a great interview with Donald today! I started watching your show due to Donald Trump..
Will be interviewed by name on name at 7:30 .M. Enjoy!.
name name name good interview Mr. Trump. You set the facts straight." Thank you..
Wow, I hear name has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!.
I will be interviewed on name at 7:00 .M..
name Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!.
name On name hashtag was on the ball &amp; hashtag is in a time warped stupor. name will EXPND hashtag.
I will be interviewed on name name at 7:00 .M..
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!.
On name show name now. ENJOY!.
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!.
name Kellyanne, you were fantastic on name today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
I will be interviewed on name this morning. Enjoy!.
I will be interviewed on This Week with url S this morning. Enjoy!.
hashtag.
url url.
name I want a leader that will shoot straight with us. The politicians can't. name will give his all for us!.
name thank you for your support tonight on name.
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!.
I am honored that the great men and women of the name have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you..
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! name.
"Join me in Washington today!.
Spokane tickets:.
url.
Lynden tickets:.
url url.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. ll talk, no action -- maybe her Native merican name?.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native merican heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts..
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me..
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy..
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clintonos flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native merican..
Letos properly check goofy Elizabeth Warrenos records to see if she is Native merican. I say sheos a fraud!.
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both..
"Response to name.
url.
I hear name of rapidly fading name is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win..
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!.
Thank you to teachers across merica! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now..
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. s Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!.
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didn't inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!.
name Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time! hashtag hashtag.
So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put merica first and MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
Governor Rick Perry said "Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen." Thank you Rick!.
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in merica. We will do so by bringing back jobs!.
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. hashtag.
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said, "We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&amp;coal companies out of business." She then apologized..
"Join me tomorrow! hashtag.
hashtag.
.
Omaha, Nebraska:.
url.
.
Eugene, Oregon:.
url.
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsiboth with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, &amp; run as an Independent..
Happy hashtag The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics! url url.
I will be interviewed by name name at 6pm ET tonight name.
Many reports that I will be attending the lvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans..
Join me in Charleston, WV - tomorrow! url.
I will be interviewed on name at 7:30 .M. Enjoy!.
I will be interviewed on name and Good Morning merica at 7:00 .M..
I will be interviewed on name at 6:15 .M. Enjoy!.
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!.
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!.
name Please correct, I WON Virginia!.
Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never url.
"Thank you Indiana! hashtag.
hashtag url.
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp; money.
Wow, Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!.
"MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
"Polls close at 6pm! hashtag hashtag hashtag.
url.
"Thank you merica! hashtag.
url url.
"MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
hashtag hashtag url.
"MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
url.
"MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
"Thank you South Bend, Indiana! Everyone get out &amp; hashtag tomorrow! hashtag.
url url.
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!.
Will be interviewed on name tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! hashtag.
"THNK YOU MERIC!.
hashtag url.
Thank you Carmel, Indiana! Get out &amp; hashtag tomorrow! hashtag hashtag url.
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy! hashtag hashtag url.
"I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016. hashtag.
hashtag url.
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!.
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the merican flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want merica First - so do voters!.
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to US..
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to "dealing with men who get off the reservation." ctually, she has done poorly with such men!.
I will be interviewed on name name at 7:30 .M. Enjoy!.
"Join me in Carmel, Indiana- tomorrow at 4pm! hashtag.
url url.
"Thank you Fort Wayne, Indiana!.
hashtag hashtag url.
"Thank you Terre Haute, Indiana!.
hashtag url.
name is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp; never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!.
I am on name with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with hashtag throughout the day. Enjoy! url.
Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!.
I watched Sen. Graham name Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support?.
Thank you Indiana! hashtag url.
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MKE MERIC GRET GIN rallies. See you there!.
Thank you name for the nice comments on name today. Great job!.
"Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates. hashtag hashtag.
url.
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MKE MERIC GRET GIN.
name name name name url.
The "protesters" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!.
name nderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!.
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!.
Thank you Indiana! hashtag url.
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!.
Wow, the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!.
Thank you Costa Mesa, California! 31,000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back! hashtag url.
"New York Yankees President, Randy Levine: 'End of the Republican Party' If Donald Trump Not Nominated..
url.
I will be interviewed on name with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy! hashtag url.
hashtag hashtag url.
hashtag url.
"Thank you Evansville, Indiana!.
hashtag url.
"Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!.
url.
So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!.
I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!.
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort.
I will be interviewed on the name at 7:00 .M. this morning. Enjoy!.
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!.
name I cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states. I was SO HPPY! I really adore you Mr. Trump, so much.".
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!.
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!.
Thank you Laura! url.
"Thank you for the endorsement, Coach Bobby Knight! I will never url it!.
url url.
"Join me on name from Indianapolis, Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy! hashtag.
url.
THNK YOU Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island! hashtag url.
greed! url.
Thank you Newt! url.
Thanks Dave! url.
Thanks! url.
Thank you! WE will MKE MERIC GRET GIN! url.
Thank you! url.
Thank you Delaware! hashtag url.
Thank you Rhode Island! hashtag url.
Thank you Connecticut! hashtag url.
Thank you Pennsylvania! hashtag url.
Thank you Maryland! hashtag url.
Thank you merica! hashtag url.
"Lets hashtag Maryland! hashtag.
url.
You have until 8pm to hashtag Delaware! url.
"Thank you for a great day yesterday, Rhode Island! hashtag.
url.
Six hours left to hashtag Connecticut! url.
"Lets go Pennsylvania! hashtag.
url.
How bad is the New York Timesithe most inaccurate coverage constantly. lways trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!.
"Thank you for the incredible support- Melania, Barron, Ivanka, Jared, Tiffany, Don, Vanessa, Eric, and Lara!.
url.
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsiboth with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!.
"Thank you name &amp; name hashtag.
url.
"MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
url url.
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!.
"Thank you Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
"Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag.
url.
Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad! hashtag url.
"Thank you West Chester, Pennsylvania!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
"Thank you Warwick, Rhode Island!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!.
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work..
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses..
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!.
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!.
Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERTION!.
I am happy to hear how badly the name is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!.
name name awesome job on name DonaldTrump has integrity &amp; he refuses 2 play the game call "Delegate Bribery".
name hashtag turned Trump from frontrunner into presumptive hashtag nominee url url.
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!.
name Great job and advice on name name Thank you!.
name was great on name tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!.
s soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!.
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!.
Congratulations to name on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the name today. mazing job!.
Congratulations to name on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the name today. mazing job!.
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks! url.
"Thank you Delaware! hashtag.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
"Thank you Bridgeport, Connecticut!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
"Thank you Waterbury, Connecticut!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
hashtag.
Video: url url.
Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS &amp; LSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGTES in your congressional district! url.
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!.
"Thank you Pennsylvania! hashtag.
url url.
"Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon! hashtag.
url url.
"Thank you California! See you soon!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
"Thank you, name hashtag hashtag.
url url.
"Thank you for the incredible support, Maryland! This is a movement!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!.
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted..
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!.
Senator Ted Cruz has been MTHEMTICLLY ELIMINTED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!.
I will be doing the name with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7.M..
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon. hashtag url url.
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!.
Had a meeting with the terrific name of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state! url.
"Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon!.
hashtag hashtag url.
hashtag Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower- url.
Off to Indiana! hashtag url.
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!.
MKE MERIC GRET GIN! url.
name name name name url Wow, really nice!.
Thank you New York, I will never url.
"Thank you New York! I love you!.
hashtag hashtag url.
name is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O name said such an amazing thing about me!.
name Look everybody, DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!! hashtag hashtag hashtag.
url name Your policies will make this state and country great again! hashtag url.
name name Everybody is "In A New York State of Mind" now!".
"Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
"Discussing hashtag.
in Buffalo last night- on the eve of the hashtag.
LETS GO NY! hashtag.
url.
"1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for hashtag.
hashtag hashtag hashtag url.
"Who did the House Task Force on.
Urgent Fiscal Issues call- when merica needed HELP?.
url.
hashtag.
url.
"LETS GO MERIC! Time to take back.
our country, and hashtag.
Watch video &amp; go.
url.
hashtag hashtag closing speech in.
Buffalo, New York!.
url.
"Join me in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow at 3pm! hashtag.
hashtag.
Tickets: url url.
Thank you Eric! url.
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
I am on name at 7:00 .M. ENJOY!.
"Thank you Buffalo! hashtag.
url url.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
Lyino Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!.
New York, we will make merica great again! url.
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him.
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp; K.
name name is who we need 2 fix this corrupted, rigged system. 4 no Profit, Under budget &amp; ahead of schedule..
"Thank you for today's endorsement, New York Veteran Police ssociation!.
hashtag url url.
"Thank you, California! Will see you soon! hashtag.
url url.
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!.
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!.
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him..
I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
"Thank you California, Connecticut, Maryland, and Pennsylvania!.
hashtag hashtag url.
"See you tomorrow Dutchess County,.
New York! hashtag hashtag.
url url.
Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh, P. 8:00pm on FOX. Enjoy! hashtag url.
name name name I think it's more like 64%. hashtag hashtag.
name New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruz's core supporters &amp; increased support for name ...Not surprising.".
name Dear I'm starting to believe that you're actually going to WIN! hashtag hashtag hashtag url.
name "Trump Holds 66% Favorable Rating in New York i Leads Hillary Clinton by 19pts in Empire... url.
"THNK YOU, SYRCUSE! hashtag.
url url.
Just arrived in Syracuse, NY. Big crowd, great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs. hashtag url.
hashtag name this morning..
url.
I will be interviewed on name at 9:00 .M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!.
name name name I just voted for name in Indiana. Everyone I talk to was following suit!" Fantastic!.
name name name name name we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him" Great!.
name name We love you Donald ! Finally someone who actually cares about us .. !! url.
name name Praying for your family and your win in New York." Thank you!.
"Join me this weekend! hashtag.
4/16: SYRCUSE - NOON.
url.
4/16: WATEOWN - 3pm.
url.
hashtag.
"Thank you, name hashtag.
url.
Thank you merica! hashtag url.
"MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
url.
"Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse, New York! hashtag hashtag.
url url.
"Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania!.
hashtag hashtag url.
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!.
The rules DID CHNGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters.
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!.
Will be interviewed by name on name tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy! hashtag url.
"Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE! hashtag hashtag.
Tickets: url.
hashtag hashtag url.
hashtag hashtag url.
Great to be on name tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 .M. (ESTERN)..
"I LOVE NEW YORK! hashtag.
url.
"THNK YOU California, Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania! See you soon!.
hashtag hashtag url.
Missouri just confirmed hashtag as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates. hashtag url.
"WOW, great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support! hashtag.
hashtag url url.
"Thank you lbany, New York!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
"Join me in Rome, NY- tomorrow!.
hashtag hashtag.
Tickets available: url.
"Tune in &amp; join me live in lbany, New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York! hashtag hashtag.
url.
A very interesting piece, by a very good writer, name of name and name url.
Leaving for lbany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!.
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly name is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!.
Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention url.
"This is happening all over our countryigreat people being disenfranchised by.
politicians. Repub party is in trouble! url.
name name name Thanks for Rochester rally." Great people, thank you!.
name name just listened to you on fox. I love you so much." Thank you!.
name name Great job on Fox n Friends this morning. Very well spoken and presidential. hashtag.
name name name Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. He'd get 100k &amp; own the news cycle".
I will be interviewed on name at 7:00 .M. Enjoy!.
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!.
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!.
The name purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!.
name New Jersey Man Joseph Hornick Willing to Go to Jail for Flying Trump Flag - Breitbart url name.
name name name name name let's go Pa he has my vote Go Trump".
name name Rochester loves you! See you tomorrow! hashtag hashtag hashtag A big crowd!.
name name name Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the people.".
name name If the GOP screws Trump, his millions will walk from the GOP never to return! They better think long and hard".
name GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner (Trump) not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner (Sanders)..
name name is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess. hashtag.
name name name California women love Mr Trump too. Will make it happen in New York on pril 19. Go out &amp; vote.".
name name name name get it done Philadelphia Pa.Make Trump your pick for president now..
name name name name Your tax and economic plans are second to none! url Media shld report..
name Poll shows name leads among registered Republican women with 44%. uecue url Thank you!.
name name here your delegate replaced at CO GOP convention. url Very sad!.
A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife, name today. hashtag url.
name name The Real Person Of The Year! url Wow!.
name name Fugedaboudit!!! The woman in New York love Donald Trump!!! url.
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!.
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight.
name Yes! Thank U 4 coming to LI! It was a thrill 2 B part of it! U will get the job done! hashtag hashtag uaua".
name name name Trump will be our best president since Reagan!.
name name Thank you, Mr. Trump, for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to hashtag.
name name name we love you and know you will do an awesome job! Saw you in bethpage !! ueeueeuee" Thank you..
name ll you haters out there, STOP trashing the only candidate name that will put LL OF YOU &amp; MERIC FIRST hashtag.
name We support you hashtag You will go far in life. Smart and courageous!.
name HELLO BOYS! this is my formal endorsement of name &amp; I'm a woman! (last I checked) nd Rudy, U R amazing!.
name Reports are RNC has received +1 million postcards so far! If I get more info on hashtag I'll post name url.
uDonald TrumpiThe Disrupteru will air on name Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. nchored by name name.
"Nobody beats me on National Security..
url.
Looks like I was right about NTO. I had no doubt. url.
Jennifer is a terrific person. url.
name name name name name name Vote trump to save the west. Don't become like Europe - hashtag.
name Great interview with name on name regarding name path to victory hashtag hashtag name.
name name Great Interview on CNN-Being from CT- I am thrilled you are part of this Team-GO TRUMP!".
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!.
name name first WWE Hall of Famer to become president?".
name name let's have the policy speeches on immigration, economy, foreign policy, and NTO! url.
name name name Thanks Rudy!!! Trump will be a great president!!".
name hashtag we can only do that with name  url.
name name name name Cruz is hated in New York. He should go home - no place for a phony".
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't url url.
hashtag hashtag url.
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!.
I was not scheduled to be on the name Pure fiction!.
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!.
"Still time to get out and VOTE!.
hashtag hashtag hashtag.
url.
"Wow, name is in total disarray.
with almost everybody quitting. Good.
news -- bad, dishonest journalists! url.
name Challenge to all WI gun owners. Vote name only candidate that will protect your rights! url.
Wisconsin, we will MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open! hashtag today &amp; we will MakemericaGreatgain! url.
"MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
url.
name name hashtag is the only guy, I think, that has the will &amp; the nerve to attack &amp; to fight." url.
name Something VERY close to my heart. I'm a NVY VET! I love name VETERNS DMINISTRTION REFORMS..
I will be on name name tonight at 10pmE w/ name from Wisconsin. Enjoy! hashtag hashtag url.
"MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
url.
"Leaving Superior, Wisconsin now. Thank you! hashtag hashtag.
url url.
Wow, great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you! url.
Will be interviewed on name on name from hashtag tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show..
"Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you name.
url.
"Just departing La Crosse, Wisconsin. Thank you! hashtag hashtag.
url url.
This Tweet from name has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder..
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
" great night in West llis, Wisconsin! Thank you! hashtag hashtag.
url url.
"I am on name with name doing a town hall, from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy!.
hashtag hashtag.
Congratulations to name for winning the name We are all proud of you name &amp; all name clubs! Great going!.
I will be in Milwaukee, Wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pmE with name Join us! hashtag hashtag url.
"Thank you Miss Katie's Diner!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
"Thank you New York, and Pennsylvania!.
hashtag hashtag url.
name "I don't care about the game, I care about the PEOPLE." nd that's exactly why WE THE PEOPLE love you so much! hashtag.
Thank you! hashtag hashtag url.
name hashtag hashtag name IS THE ONLY DEL !!! url.
name hashtag VOTE SMA name RECORDS R SELED.. WHT IS HE HIDING? SVE MERIC W/ name url.
name is reviewing the week,but majority of the show about name cuz there would be 0.0 ratings if not. Media's a JOKE.
I will be on name with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!.
name Tune in for our sit-down interview with Republican frontrunner name url.
"Thank you Eau Claire, Wisconsin..
hashtag on Tuesday, pril 5th!.
MKE MERIC GRET GIN! url.
I will be interviewed by name on name tomorrow morning. Enjoy! hashtag.
" GRET DY IN WISCONSIN!.
Thank you hashtag &amp; hashtag Just arrived in hashtag hashtag.
hashtag hashtag url.
name should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!.
name Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with!.
Great honor to have name General Counsel, hashtag as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!.
"Join me on Monday, pril 4th in Milwaukee! hashtag hashtag.
Tickets: url url.
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!.
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!.
If name stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with name beat her by millions!.
Is it possible for name to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BD..
"MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
url.
Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?.
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States! url.
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States! url.
"My new radio ad, airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
Does anybody like Lyin' Ted? url.
For the 1st time in merican history, mericaos 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsementime! Thank you..
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp; economic threat facing the merican people!.
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!.
The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
THNK YOU, NEW YORK! hashtag url.
"THNK YOU, MERIC! hashtag.
hashtag.
url url.
"THNK YOU, WISCONSIN! hashtag.
next Tuesday, pril 5th! hashtag.
url url.
"Just had a very nice meeting with name Priebus and the name Looking forward to bringing the Party.
together --- and it will happen!".
"The Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength. hashtag.
url url.
name Nothing you say will change my mind! Woman for name url.
name name name I'm a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary." Great!.
"Thank you- ppleton, Wisconsin!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
Congratulations to name for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP! hashtag hashtag url.
Please keep your thoughts &amp; prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005. url.
"THNK YOU, NEW YORK!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
name got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is on name being nasty to me. Not nice!.
Final hashtag just announced in the GRET State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified hashtag show a 365 vote increase for me- name least 12 more delegates!.
Thank you! hashtag url.
"Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:.
url.
Thank you! hashtag url.
"MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
url.
Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand?? url.
This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility, she changed her tune. url.
"Victory press conference was over..
Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges? url.
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?.
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!.
How come the name &amp; name show the new name Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SME poll where I am killing Cruz?.
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC..
Wow, name has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight!.
We need to secure our borders SP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MKE MERIC GRET GIN &amp; MKE MERIC STRONG GIN!.
Lyin' Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm!.
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak &amp; losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates.
fter the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!.
name Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If you're for Motherhood, he'll be against it!".
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!.
name Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals: name 7,546,980; name 5,481,737; name 2,724,749" A BIG DIFFERENCE.
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NTO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PY FIR SHRE, a must!.
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an merican. When will our so-called "leaders" ever learn!.
"""Kirsten Powers: nti- Trump Operative was ggressively Shopping Cruz Story"".
via the Gateway Pundit: url.
name name We stand by Trump 100%" Thank you!.
I will be interviewed on name at 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!.
name hashtag name will defeat ISIS and hashtag url.
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!.
See Lyin' Ted, even the name (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio, not Trump! url.
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming.
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great! JOBS!.
nother radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women &amp; children. t least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve.
Happy Easter to all, have a great day!.
My statement on NTO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!.
Wow, sleepy eyes name is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others.
I am interviewed on This Week on name this morning. Enjoy!.
Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!.
Don't believe the name Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election..
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs.
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!.
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!.
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!.
The media is so after me on women Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!.
name name name name name WOMEN LOVE TRUMP. TRUMP'S EXECS PREDOMINNTLY FEMLE. hashtag.
name Dear name after doing a quick Google &amp; Twitter search there are over 15,000 women's groups supporting DonaldTrump. Stop Lying.".
name Let me help you Trumpophobes with math: Trump: ($10.3B-$1.2M 74' equity)/1.2M = 858,233%. S&amp;P: 1314.5% hashtag.
name Turns out name was wrong. name had nothing to do with it url.
name Your instincts on foreign policy &amp; terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians combined.".
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah bdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!.
name hashtag blames name for so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis.".
Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?.
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PC was putting it out - hence, Lyin' Ted!.
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!.
MKE MERIC GRET GIN! url.
Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz- url.
name name Cruz &amp; Rubio are scared! WTCH -&gt; url url.
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!.
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. lso, many in U.S. I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!.
name name They're all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet. I say you go on and destroy them all" A dead show.
Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. name is wasting time.
name T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM "NO".
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHNGE, I WILL SOLVE - ND FST!.
name name Talkers think about the future, Doers are already building it" hashtag url.
It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NTO!.
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a "hell hole" and a mess and the failing name wrote a critical article. I was so right!.
These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!.
name and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - LL TLK ND NO CTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!.
It is amazing how name gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!.
name name thank God is not a politician, but he's one heck of a fighter who will fight for us, the people.".
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N..T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!.
N..T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!.
name " picture is worth a thousand words" name hashtag hashtag name url.
name name Donald Trump will be greater president than Ragan. Trump will set the button for morality,Christianity..
name name name self-funded and media loves him. Not beholden to masters like name Who owns Ted?".
name You have over 2M followers more than than name This says something about how merica feels. hashtag uaua".
MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
I want to thank name for all of his help in our historic rizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!.
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!.
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!.
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. Iom the only one that was right from the beginning, &amp; now Lyino Ted &amp; others are copying me..
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. Sheos been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!.
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates, Lyino Ted Cruz. Honestly, I canot blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!.
Lyino Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglasi just another dishonest politician..
"Thank you, rizona! hashtag.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!.
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!.
Much bigger win than anticipated in rizona. Thank you, I will never url.
"Thank you, rizona! hashtag.
hashtag hashtag url.
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in. No way!.
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!.
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp; get home to Washington- where a hashtag under a serious emergency belongs!.
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame..
hashtag message from name hashtag.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
hashtag message from name hashtag hashtag hashtag.
url.
hashtag video: url.
hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url.
My heart &amp; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible hashtag tragedy. This madness must be stopped, and I will stop it..
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time &amp; time again I have been right about terrorism. Itos time to get tough! url.
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and itos not even close. Hopefully Z and UT will be voting for me today!.
MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!.
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!.
name Here's Trump hashtag in case anyone missed it. It is a must watch. url.
name name The media is corrupt! We The People are fighting with you.".
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect.
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!.
name name Dont worry Trump, They are losing thousands of viewers and money. Roger iles will be telling Megyn to stop".
So the highly overrated anchor, name is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I can't fight back? Wrong!.
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RLLY in rizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!.
Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RLLIES, are never blamed by media? SD!.
Will be interviewed on name this morning. Enjoy!.
name Whatos name strategy to secure the GOP nomination? Ioll talk to the Republican front-runner. name.
The rallies in Utah and rizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon..
name TRUMP IS NOT FRID OF NYTHING OR NYONE - THT'S THE PRESIDENT US NEEDS TO UNITE US &amp; KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES!.
"THNK YOU RIZON! Get out and hashtag on Tuesday! hashtag.
hashtag hashtag url.
"Thank you- Tucson, rizona! A great afternoon with 6,000 supporters! hashtag on Tuesday!.
hashtag url.
name You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! hashtag.
name Watching your show from rizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!.
hashtag.
name Just watched you on hashtag with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people! hashtag.
"THNK YOU RIZON! 20,000 amazing supporters! Get out and hashtag on Tuesday. I love you!.
hashtag url.
Wow, name ratings are up 75% because it's "all Trump, all the time." The networks are making a fortune off of me! MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
"Great to be back in rizona!.
hashtag hashtag url.
If crazy name didn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!.
Crazy name says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!.
name after tonight it is clear! Utah is hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag url.
name Check out "HNNITY EXCLUSIVE EVENT WITH TRUMP IN PHOENIX, Z" url name.
name Honored to be in hashtag with retired General Robert C. Oaks. We are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in SLC.
name ctually, no name name has a sick obsession with Trump. Every day, every show, trashing, negative, hate..
name It's great to see supporters like you along the way...watching mericans come together the past 8 months hashtag.
name 1st time I heard hashtag I said "wow". I liked him! I then became a closet hashtag fan. Today? He's the ONLY 1 I will vote for!.
name Vets For A Strong merica Endorses Donald Trump for president; "We've Endorsed Him, We Believe In Him" hashtag.
name Sheriff Joe rpaio Z Endorses Donald J Trump for President of the United States hashtag hashtag url.
name Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a two-man race. Gee, what happened to that 30% ceiling.
name name I totally agree! name is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has NO COMMONSENSE!".
"Thank you- New York! I love you!.
hashtag hashtag url.
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! hashtag.
Reading name of the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!.
While I have never met name of the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!.
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! hashtag hashtag.
Watching name fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan..
"Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions..
Love Utah- will be back!".
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?.
I guess I have reached yet another "ceiling" - 49.7%, with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you! url.
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!.
Everybody should boycott the name show. Never worth watching. lways a hit on Trump! She is sick, &amp; the most overrated person on tv..
"Thank you rizona- I love you!.
hashtag hashtag url.
"Join me tomorrow! hashtag.
hashtag.
url.
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!.
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2.
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who "choked" and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!.
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIRS! I beat Hillary.
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. Remember, I said- NO! url.
Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!.
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?.
name got fired like a dog from RedState.
and now he is the one leading opposition against me.".
Senator name made horrible statements about name i and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!.
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. lso backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!.
"Join us in Salt Lake City, Utah- tonight!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!.
MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know. url.
Highly overrated &amp; crazy name is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!.
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!.
See you in rizona on Friday and Saturday. url.
Please explain to the dummies at the name Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all 11 of them!.
name is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!.
name Editorial says "Clinton primary vote total is 8,646,551.Trump's is 7,533,692"-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.pologize.
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!.
Crazy name is now complaining that name did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!.
Great news that name has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating.
Crazy name supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!.
Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!.
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. name.
Thank you, Missouri! hashtag url.
Wow, just won Missouri!.
I am making a big speech the night of the name debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!.
Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!.
In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!.
In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!.
"Yesterday was amazingi5 victories. Lyino Ted Cruz.
had zero. Things are going very well!".
Is this what we want for a President? url.
name Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!.
name name I think name can beat HillaryClinton. nd I'm looking forward to Trump being president..
name You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!.
I will be interviewed on name at 8:30 .M. ENJOY!.
Will be interviewed on name at 7:40. ENJOY!.
Will be interviewed on name on name at 7:15 .M..
Will be interviewed on name at 7:00 .M. Big wins last night!.
name name name That's funny, I switched to other media too, can't stand her".
name name I thank God you are on board with name to help him and us hashtag Ty!!".
Thank you Marco, I agree! url.
"I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at.
Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!".
"Thank you Illinois! hashtag.
hashtag hashtag url.
"Thank you, North Carolina! hashtag hashtag.
hashtag url.
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy name is unwatchable..
"Thank you, Florida! hashtag.
hashtag hashtag url.
"Thank you, Northern Mariana hashtag hashtag.
hashtag url.
Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big &amp; over!.
name name name If media wasn't so biased against Trump, he would've won all of the delegates..
name name is trying so hard to bash name it's ridiculous" Don't worry, everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn!.
name name name name name name Hayes is looking depressed as well. url.
name name name name I tried to give them a shot tonight, but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading team.".
name name name name She's choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says.".
name Was going to watch name for the primary results but saw name - looks like hashtag tonight".
Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!.
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false..
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will "sing" again..
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!.
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!.
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down..
hashtag hashtag.
uOFlorida.
uOIllinois.
uOMissouri.
uONorth Carolina.
uOOhio.
hashtag.
url url.
North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BCK!.
Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you! hashtag hashtag.
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter, name hashtag hashtag url.
Don't reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NFT, open borders etc.)..
Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!.
I will bring our jobs back to merica, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd , build WLL.
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
Kasich voted for NFT, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!.
name name name name Listening to interview on replay of name Savage Nation hashtag DONLD TRUMP !!!!!" Thanks..
name url WOW people are so misinformed on DonaldTrump character! Watch this video! Hillary and Bernie don't come close.
name name I believe that name will be the big winner tomorrow." Thank you!.
name name name Who started this mess, the protesters of course . nd media made it worse.".
"Sadly, this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it! hashtag.
url.
THNK YOU - Youngstown, Ohio! I love you! Get out &amp; hashtag tomorrow. hashtag url.
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! hashtag.
Gov Kasich voted for NFT, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for merican workers!.
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. mazing event. Heading to Tampa now! hashtag.
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!.
"We don't have a country- if we don't have borders. hashtag.
Video: url url.
"Just received from name.
Thank you Pete! hashtag on.
Tuesday Ohio! hashtag.
hashtag url.
LYIN' TED url.
The failing name is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!.
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp; should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue..
"Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. ll talk- no action!.
url.
"Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party, Republican wins will be massive!.
url.
Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the name.
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NFT, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!.
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!.
name It is repulsive that Trump was assaulted+politicians used that 2 further themselves+2 further victimize Trump! DISGUSTING!!".
Wow, Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!.
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! url.
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way.
hashtag hashtag.
Video: url url.
Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton &amp; 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you, Ohio! url.
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!.
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!.
"We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio..
No way to run a country!".
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, &amp; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote..
"The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled!.
hashtag hashtag.
Thank you Dayton, Ohio! 20,000 supporters- largest in airport history! hashtag hashtag url.
MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!.
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!.
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!.
bsentee Governor Kasich voted for NFT and NFT devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!.
The url group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First mendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized merica!.
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! hashtag today! hashtag.
Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres! hashtag url.
It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman &amp; conservative. url.
"Thank you St. Louis, Missouri!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
Rumor has it that name is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckerman's name.
url.
"Dr. Ben Carson- I concur..
.
""I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better."".
name.
Thank you! hashtag url.
name Let's be clear.. hashtag is about "Never someone we don't own" You either play into it &amp; let them win or vote Trump..
"Thank you merica! hashtag.
hashtag url.
Thank you Mark. hashtag url.
name name name hashtag Trump is your man merica. He is the best!! Vote for him!" Thank you!.
Wow, you are all correct about name - totally biased and disgusting reporting..
"nother Dishonest Politician.
hashtag url.
"Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House..
hashtag hashtag url.
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, &amp; is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!.
Thank you Hawaii! hashtag.
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support..
Thank you Michigan! hashtag.
Thank you Mississippi! hashtag.
Thank you! hashtag url.
"Thank you merica! hashtag.
url.
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!.
I hear name / name came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll.
The negative television commercials about me, paid for by the politicians bosses, are a total hashtag When you watch, remember!.
"Hawaii:.
url.
Idaho:.
url.
Mississippi:.
url.
Michigan:.
url.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!.
Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. ll of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!.
Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HS NOT ERNED YOUR VOTE!.
name Wishing our father tremendous luck in Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho &amp; Hawaii today! mazing father! url name.
MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
Thank you name url.
Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho &amp; Hawaii: Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video: url url.
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly &amp; are bad for merica. url.
People url it was Club for Growth that asked me for $1 million. I said no &amp; they went negative. Extortion! url.
"Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was gainst It.
url.
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. Ioll be there very soon. Vote for me, Hawaii!.
"Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with 10,000!.
Thank you!".
I will be interviewed by name tonight at 10pm EST on name Enjoy!.
"New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio:.
url.
"Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes-.
nobody grows them better. s.
President, I will protect your market. url.
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted "excellent" reviews. url.
name Setup is underway name rally in Madison. hashtag url Thank you!.
It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!.
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!.
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!.
Congratulation to dam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. mazing finish!.
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida.
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICN ESTBLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of $'s in false ads!.
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous failures have ZERO credibility!.
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!.
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp; Twitter. Watch!.
ll of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do.
name name name name WSHINGTON VERSUS TRUMP u &amp;TRUMPS SUPPOERS ... hashtag.
name name name A solid interview and a fair one. Great job Mr. Trump. Keep up the good work. hashtag.
name and name did a 1 hour hit job on me today i totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!.
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and dam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P.M. MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
Thank you to name and name for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are hashtag in the ratings!.
"Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring 2 people who signed these letters: url.
url.
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!.
Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed!.
David Brooks, of the New York Times, is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesnot have a clue..
Thank you Michigan! hashtag url.
FLORID: Do not miss this opportunity to hashtag Thank you name url url.
I will be interviewed on name this morning. Enjoy! name.
name is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!.
"Thank you Kentucky! hashtag.
hashtag.
"Thank you Louisiana! hashtag.
hashtag.
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship name in Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, dam, and Dustin all at the top!.
"Thank you Willie Robertson!.
hashtag hashtag url.
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship name in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the hashtag.
I am watching two clown announcers on name as they try to build up failed presidential candidate hashtag Fox News is in the bag!.
Romney's failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- don't know how to win!.
name was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it!.
Thank you, Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now, be there soon!.
hashtag hashtag url.
Getting ready to make my speech at hashtag A great honor! hashtag hashtag.
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! hashtag.
"To the people of Kentucky,.
Rand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure..
hashtag hashtag.
"Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.).
KY his 2nd choice!".
Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. This is a movement like our GRET COUNTRY has never seen before!.
Wow, big lines in Kansas..
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!.
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPC (the format was fine!)..
"Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
"Thank you New Orleans, Louisiana!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
"Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
"Thank you Cadillac, Michigan! hashtag on 3/8/2016. We will MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
url url.
hashtag hashtag.
March 5, 2016 | Wichita, Kansas:.
url url.
U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election: url.
Thank you Macomb County, Michigan! hashtag hashtag url.
name Mary Kissel is an SNL character, right? She's not a real person, right? hashtag She is a major loser - no clue!.
name GET THT POS WSJ LIR FNTSY PUNDIT name OFF THE IR. Blah blah. A real dummy! name name.
"Thank you merica! hashtag.
url url.
"MY POSITION ON VISS.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
The Better Business Bureau report, with an A rating for Trump University. hashtag url url.
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- don't think I ever even used..
"Senator Sessions will serve as the.
Chairman of my National Security.
dvisory Committee. url url.
"THNK YOU POLAND, Maine!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it! hashtag.
Will miss name tonight at the hashtag I hope all of Ben's followers will join the hashtag We will never url.
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!.
name People are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you. Not gonna happen hashtag.
name People are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you. Not gonna happen hashtag.
name name teaching the GOP how to lose four years ago was not enough. Now Romney wants to do it again.".
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win.
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?.
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney, who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of "Trump".
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!.
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!.
Failed candidate Mitt Romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big "R" win!.
name I changed parties to vote for you, no one else measures up to you, The GOPe needs a reality check. Our country is at stake".
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!.
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp; Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS.
name The establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off.".
Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!.
hashtag hashtag.
Video: url url.
"I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify..
Video: url url.
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2).
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2).
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here: url.
name poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!.
name name hashtag is 100% correct hashtag nd u and the rest of u hashtag muppets refuse to HER HIM." So true!.
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!.
"My wife name will be hashtag w/ name tonight at 7pmE on name Enjoy!.
url url.
name name name I took Trump University class and saved my home!".
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!.
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale &amp; his no show voting!.
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me..
name FOX calls Virginia for Trump. If it holds, it's a big win for Trump and a big setback for Rubio, who needed to win the state..
name Marco Rubio just criticized Ted Cruz for underperforming tonight. Wow. hashtag.
name Looks like Rubio won't get any delegates from TX or L because he didn't meet 20% threshold.".
name " nearly impossible path to the GOP nomination" for Rubio, says name url ".
name For the record, most Democrats would much rather face Cruz than Trump" So true!.
"Thank you Vermont! hashtag.
hashtag.
"Thank you rkansas! hashtag.
hashtag.
"Thank you Virginia! hashtag.
hashtag.
"Thank you labama! hashtag.
hashtag.
"Thank you Tennessee! hashtag.
hashtag.
Thank you Massachusetts! hashtag hashtag.
"Thank you url.
hashtag hashtag.
"Wow! Thank you Louisville, Kentucky!.
hashtag on 3/5/2016! Lets hashtag.
url url.
"Lets go merica! Get out &amp; hashtag hashtag.
hashtag.
hashtag url url.
MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! url.
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!.
Got the endorsement of Brian France and name yesterday in url lso, many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and url.
Thank you url 15,000 amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out &amp; hashtag tomorrow! hashtag url.
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas, Tom Leppert, has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE! hashtag hashtag.
"Thank you Brian France, Bill Elliott, name name &amp; name hashtag hashtag hashtag.
url.
Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled, but won't out of principle! See student surveys. url.
Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!.
Thank you Virginia! 15,000 amazing supporters! Everyone get out and hashtag tomorrow! url.
My wife name will be joining name name tonight at 8pmE on name Enjoy! url.
Governor lejandro Garc=a Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio uis no friend of Puerto Rico." url.
hashtag hashtag url url.
"I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU, the merican people!.
hashtag Video: url url.
"""Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York"".
hashtag hashtag.
url.
"Join me in Columbus, Ohio tomorrow!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
Thank you merica! Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow! hashtag hashtag url url.
My sons, Don and Eric, are on name now 7:35. Great kids, enjoy!.
"Thank you name.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
THNK YOU LBM! 32,000 supporters tonight. Get out &amp; VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MKE MERIC GRET GIN! url.
Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video: url url.
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison labama! Landing now! hashtag.
Phylis Schlafly: 'Marco Rubio Betrayed Us ll' url.
Little Marco Rubio treated merica's ICE officers "like absolute trash" in order to pass Obama's amnesty. url.
Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of "sex offenses." DISGRCE! url.
Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action. hashtag url.
name Rubio was kicking back on his $80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol".
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!.
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician. url.
Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!.
s I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow. url.
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol!.
hashtag hashtag url.
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the "puppet" of the special interest Koch brothers. WTCH!.
Making a big speech in labama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!.
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get..
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PAY.
The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to "hit" Trump.I signed the pledge-careful.
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida.
name A lot more water after this bombshell, Rubio. You are an enemy of merica. name url.
name uIt is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.u i name hashtag.
name name name name anything is better than name.
name It is a sad commentary little boy Marco Rubio can't win in his home state. Floridians despise him as a opportunist phony.".
name name Marco 'mnesty' Rubio is the front man of mnesty. url hashtag hashtag hashtag.
name name name name GO TRUMP".
name DonaldTrump is a leader. He is a successful person that, like me, isnot afraid to tell it like it is." Governor name.
"We need to fix our broken education system! hashtag.
hashtag.
Video: url url.
THNK YOU rkansas! Get out &amp; hashtag on Tuesday. We will MKE MERIC SFE &amp; GRET GIN! url.
Incredibly proud of my son name &amp; his efforts on behalf of name in Memphis, TN. url url.
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004. url.
Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz, and may be an even bigger liar.
hashtag was just banned by name - their loss! Tough, loyal guy..
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the World. mazing!.
I only wish my wonderful father, Fred, gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didn't - total fabrication!.
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!.
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!.
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. fter the audit, no problem!.
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?.
name name There's only one real candidate, and it's you! Donors control the other candidates! hashtag Thank you..
I will be on name at 8:30 .M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!.
name Michigan GOP poll 2/24/2016 Trump 35.5 Rubio 15.0 Cruz 14.3 Kasich 12.8 Carson 8.3 name Wow!.
Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress! hashtag hashtag url.
name A majority of evangelicals believe name is best equipped to save the country. hashtag.
name name Trump is a genius. Rubio and Cruz are not. I want a brilliant mind to run this country.".
name name in contrast to Rubio and Cruz you look like a giant. They look terribly weak" Thank you!.
"What I would do on my first day in office. hashtag.
Watch: url url.
"Thank you Texas! 10,000 amazing.
supporters! hashtag.
hashtag url.
Never let them see you sweat! url.
"Thank you for your support &amp;.
friendship- Governor name.
hashtag hashtag url.
They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high &amp; dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!.
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown..
Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!.
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!.
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!.
Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11:30 .M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!.
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!.
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser!.
I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!.
name name url name yup 200 Polish immigrants were hired by his contractor not Trump".
name name Cruz talks about Hillary all the time because he knows he can't beat you ! Trump will win Texas !".
name name trump won the debate. Disgusting Rubio said "peed" - is he still in junior high school.".
name Marco Cruz and Ted Rubio (easy to get the two politicians confused) looked like desperate, panicked DC insiders tonight".
name name "that's because you've never hired anyone to do work before" favorite line from tonights debate.".
name Tonight you proved to merica you are the real deal. You took fire from all sides, stayed composed, returned fire and WON!.
name name name name he won almost all polls and Mark Halperin gave him an -.
name Vote Early in the hashtag hashtag name will hashtag url.
url name lso, all the things Rubio&amp;Cruz were using for hits, just petty. Trump, clearly the only one w/all the skills.".
Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting! hashtag url.
ll the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy, but good. url.
hashtag hashtag url.
"Thank you! hashtag Polls.
hashtag url.
hashtag url.
Thank you! WE WILL MKE MERIC GRET GIN! hashtag url.
Failed presidential candidate name was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid &amp; didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12..
"THNK YOU!.
hashtag hashtag.
url url.
FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!.
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina, it's over. He didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide!.
Thank you Illinois! hashtag url.
"Join me in Oklahoma tomorrow night!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
I'm going to do what name was totally unable to do- WIN!.
"LETS MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
Schedule &amp; tickets: url url.
Signing a recent tax return- isn't this ridiculous? url.
Just for your info, tax returns have 0 to do w/ someoneos net worth. I have already filed my financial statements w/ FEC. They are great!.
"Why doesnot name just endorse name already..
Should have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too late.
now!".
Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!.
Great new poll. Thank you Texas! hashtag hashtag url.
name name name name hates to see Trump's success when he was so pathetic.
name name Romney is a pawn of the Establishment and has no individual thought process. He is jealous of Trump!".
name name Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama. He cowered and lost. BDLY! He's not relevant!".
name name Love it! name is done. We need someone who is proven. name will make merica Great gain".
name name Trump is so impressive and no other politician has his passion &amp; energy to hashtag.
name name A vote for name or name is a vote for corruption, special interests and lobbyists. Trump for POTUS!.
name name Mr Tough Guy Romney should be backing Trump like Trump backed him last time hashtag.
Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out url Poll snd Q Poll..
"Texas, url &amp; many more VOTE ERLY! This is a movement!.
hashtag VOTE VIDEO: url url.
name That's why we are angry. The Republican Establishment will not support you. You are who the merican people want!".
name name This Texan will be voting Trump March 1st. Cruz is a fake Texan!".
name Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down! name.
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!.
Why would Texans vote for "liar" Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently.
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!.
name Oh great name is doing a name on name like losing the presidency wasn't enough hashtag He's a fool.
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy.
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out, I will pick up more. Sad but true.
MKE MERIC GRET GIN! url.
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey name He should be fired!.
I am in Virginia name Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here: url.
"I am self funding my campaign &amp; don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the merican people! hashtag.
Watch: url.
name Poll and name say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even started on them yet!.
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. name on name is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!.
Melania will be interviewed by name on name now (8:30 .M.). ENJOY!.
"THNK YOU NEVD!.
hashtag hashtag.
name.
Username: realdonaldtrump.
url url.
"THNK YOU NEVD! WE WILL MKE MERIC SFE &amp; GRET GIN!.
url url.
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CREFUL..
Exclusive interview w/ my wife name tomorrow morning name 8amE on name w/ name name Enjoy! url.
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVD. I WILL BE T VRIOUS CUCUS SITES. MKE MERIC GRET GIN!.
My wife Melania will be on name tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by name - Enjoy!.
"Thank you Sparks, Nevada!.
hashtag.
.
hashtag Finder:.
url.
.
url url.
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads..
Great. Just reported on name that many people who supported name are now supporting me. I knew that would happen, pundits didn't!.
Wow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points, beating K!.
Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing, in and out. I love &amp; invest in Nevada!.
"Join us in Sparks, Nevada today!.
hashtag hashtag.
url.
name name name name Ed Rollins is the only one of those people that understands process &amp; gets it right".
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past..
name TRUMP IS UNSTOPPBLE....HE IS WHT COMMON SENSE MERICNS WNT WHETHER REPUBLICN, INDEPENDENT OR A REGN DEMOCRT..
name name gets it. Was just on name explaining how Trump wins the general election." Thank you Ed!.
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp; said no!.
Ted Cruz does not have the right "temperment" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BD!.
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked..
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration..
