The question in this election: Who can put the plans into action that will make your life better? url.
Last night, Donald Trump said not paying taxes was "smart." You know what I call it? Unpatriotic. url.
Couldn't be more proud of name Her vision and command during last night's debate showed that she's ready to be our next name.
"If we stand together, there's nothing we can't do..
.
Make sure you're ready to vote: url url.
Both candidates were asked about how they'd confront racial injustice. Only one had a real answer. url.
This election is too important to sit out. Go to url and make sure you're registered. hashtag -H.
When Donald Trump goes low...register to vote: url url.
3) Has Trump offered a single proposal to reduce the friction of starting a business. name has url.
The election is just weeks away. Check if you're registered to vote at url only takes a few cl url.
Donald Trump lied to the merican people at least 58 times during the first presidential debate. (We counted.) url.
uShe gained about 55 pounds in...9 months. She was like an eating machine.u iTrump, a man who wants to be president: url.
It's hashtag Celebrate by registering to vote Ui url url.
"""I love this country..
Iom proud of this country..
I want to be a leader who brings people together."".
iHillary hashtag.
"We donot want to turn against each other..
We want to work with one another..
We want to set big goals in this country..
hashtag.
"What we hear from my opponent is dangerously incoherent. It's unclear what he's saying, but words matter." iHillary.
One candidate made it clear he wasnot prepared for last nightos debate. The other made it clear sheos prepared to b url.
"""What kind of a person would want to root for 9 million families losing their homes?.
.
One who should never be president."" iHillary on Trump".
"I donot think that any family should have to pay more than 10% of their income on child care.u iHillary url.
"Iom really glad my dad never had a contract with Donald Trump.u iHillary url.
When you work hard, you should not be living in poverty. url.
"""We may have a record-setting turnout in this election..
.
We could have the biggest turnout we've ever had."" url.
"You can go to url to make sure you are registered. nd I hope you all will.u iHillary hashtag.
Join Hillary live in NC for her first rally since winning last night's debate Ui url hashtag.
So. Everything you're feeling after hashtag It's hashtag PLESE: url.
"uDonald just criticized me for preparing for this debate. nd you know what else I prepared for?.
.
I prepared to be url.
Hillary was the winner of the first presidential debateiand newspapers across merica agree. hashtag url.
"Trump sobre licia Machado en 1996: ""Miss Piggy"".
.
Esta maana: ""ument mucho de peso... era un problema serio"". url.
Register and vote for Democrats like name and name url hashtag url.
I've been fortunate to meet young mericans from all over the country. We all make choices. This is mine... url.
"She gained a massive amount of weight...it was a real problem." iTrump this morning on licia Machado url.
Today is hashtag - I was beaten, left bloody &amp; unconscious so that every person could register and vote. Do your part..
More than 70 million mericans aren't registered to vote. We have to do better! Get registered &amp; spread the word: url.
When you have a really, really good night. hashtag url.
"Register. Vote. Go out and get engaged!u name hashtag url.
"I'm glad Trump found out that Crimea was part of Ukraine. By the way, I heard he was on the verge of acknowledging gravity." name.
"uLet me tell you who built this damn country: the middle class.u name.
.
Let's keep building it, together: url.
One moment last night that provediagainithat Hillary's the only candidate ready to lead on the global stage: url hashtag.
"nyone who complains about microphone problems is not having a good night." iHillary hashtag.
"Trump on licia, 1996: ""Miss Piggy."".
.
This morning: ""She gained a massive amount of weight...it was a real problem."" url.
"""I have a winning temperament."" iDonald Trump last night.
.
Really? hashtag url.
Only one person on last night's stage is prepared to be Commander-in-Chief. Make sure she gets the chance: url.
Tonight, name proved she is ready to be President i and Donald Trump proved he is not. hashtag url.
43 days left. Letos go win this thing: url hashtag url.
name That's what we name girls do! nd it's so clear name is the only candidate prepared to be president hashtag.
hashtag url.
"Donald Trump called her ""Miss Piggy"" and ""Miss Housekeeping."".
.
Her name is licia Machado. hashtag url.
Hillary Clinton did what she needed to do: url url.
Tonight, we heard from two candidates -- but only one president. hashtag.
"Hillary won big time. It was a shut out." -- name hashtag.
Clinton won this debate in part because she had more stamina for this than Trump. He flagged badly after 30 minutes. She didn't..
The presidency isn't a reality showiit's as real as it gets. Make sure you're registered to vote: url.
Text IMWITHHER to 47246 to tell Hillary you're on her team all the way to Election Day. hashtag url.
Gracias seora name su respeto a las mujeres y nuestras diferencias la hacen grande! Estoy con usted!.
 this if you're proud to be standing with Hillary tonight. hashtag url.
Hillary just proved she's the only candidate who's ready to be president. Chip in now and let's go win this thing: url.
When Donald Trump says he has a "winning temperament." hashtag url.
The woman Trump called uMiss Piggyu has a name: licia. hashtag url.
"When Donald Trump spends 11 hours testifying in front of a congressional committee, he can talk to me about stamina." iHillary hashtag.
Donald Trump's "cavalier attitude about nuclear weapons is so deeply troubling.u hashtag url.
name Barack Obama is your president too. hashtag.
A man who can be provoked by a tweet should not have his hands anywhere near the nuclear codes. hashtag.
This should go without saying: Taking nuclear war lightly is disqualifying for anyone seeking to be President of th url.
"Donald Trump says he has better temperament than Hillary Clinton..
.
Fact check: He is Donald Trump..
.
hashtag.
"I hope the fact-checkers are turning up the volume. Donald Trump supported the invasion of Iraq.u url.
This is... still not true! hashtag url.
What is the deal with Donald Trump and Russia? url hashtag.
Trump's top Russia advisor is being probed for meeting with the Kremlin aide in charge of US election intelligence. url.
When Donald Trump goes low, we go high. hashtag url.
When a man is sued for discriminating against black tenants &amp; pushes birtherism, he's giving you an idea of what kind of president he'd be..
This is just one of the business practices that led to Donald Trump being sued for discrimination. hashtag url.
"Donald Trump's answer for his five years of pushing the racist birther conspiracy theory?.
.
""I say nothing."" hashtag.
"Trump just criticized me for preparing for this debate. You know what else I prepared for? Being president." hashtag.
President Obama was born in the United States. Heos merican. Trump only has one reason for refusing to admit it. hashtag.
"Still a complete lie. hashtag.
url.
Donald Trump is more concerned with pandering to the gun lobby than keeping families safe. hashtag url.
The fact that Trump's answer to a question about racial injustice is just "we need law and order" pretty much says it all. hashtag.
Weove got to address the systemic racism in our criminal justice system and end private prisons. hashtag url.
How Hillary Clinton Took Charge In The First Presidential Debate url.
We are not going to bring New Yorkos unconstitutional stop-and-frisk program nationwide. hashtag.
"""Maybe he didn't do a good job."" iDonald Trump.
.
Looks like you ulovedu it at the time. hashtag url.
"It's about time this country had somebody running it who has an idea about money." iTrump hashtag url.
"Paying zero in taxes doesnot make you ""smart."".
.
It makes you a tax evader. url.
No wonder Donald Trump is hiding his tax returns. hashtag url.
No legit reason name can't release returns while being audited, but if scared, release earlier returns no longer under audit..
In the spirit of friendship, here's Donald Trump's ISIS plan for your consideration. hashtag url.
Donald Trump may live in his own realityibut we've got his own words right here. Check them out: url hashtag.
"We can step up and confront climate change, save our planet, and invest in clean energy..
.
Or, we can do nothing. url.
"I never said that." iDonald Trump, who said that. hashtag url.
"""That's called business."" iDonald Trump on the housing crash..
.
For millions of mericans it was called ""losing their home."" hashtag.
Economists project that Trumpos plans would add more than $5,000,000,000,000 to the national debt. That's "trillion" with a "T.".
Donald Trump seems to think $15 million is a "small loan." hashtag url url.
Every time Trump makes a show of railing against outsourcing, remember the countries he shipped jobs and profits to: url.
Having a small business owner for a dad may not get you multi-million-dollar bailouts, but it does teach you the va url.
How many Trump products were made overseas? Hereos the complete list. url.
There's only one candidate on stage who will support working families. hashtag url.
We have to build an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. hashtag url.
Watch live: Hillary takes the stage for the first presidential debate Ui url hashtag.
Let's do this. hashtag url.
If you're with Hillary, now's the time to show it. Chip in before tonight's debate to have her back: url hashtag.
"No matter what Donald says at tonight's debate, we already know the real Trump..
.
Follow name for the fa url.
"Hillaryos set to take the debate stage at 9pm ET..
.
Here's where you can watch: url hashtag url.
"uYou didnot blame Little John or Meat Loaf. You fired Gary Busey..
.
These are the kinds of decisions that would keep url.
Study: Donald Trump would raise taxes on millions of middle-class families url url.
Here are 35 questions Trump still needs to answer. url hashtag.
Watch this before you watch tonight's debate. hashtag url.
"Trump told 31 outright lies just last week..
.
Keep him honest at tonight's debate: Follow name to get th url.
"Our presidents are role models for generations of our children. Is this the example we want for them?" name url.
Hillary Clinton has a $10 billion plan to stop the heroin epidemic. Donald Trump has some slogans. url.
"These headlines on Trump's lies are from just one week of his campaign..
.
Imagine four years of his presidency. url.
Everything you need to know before watching tonight's debate: url url.
Tonight, Hillary will debate Trump for the first time. Follow name to make sure he's held accountable to the facts. hashtag.
A reminder heading into tonight's debate. hashtag url.
"Donald Trump is a man who dwells in bigotry, bluster and false promises." name url hashtag.
This job takes maturity, compassion, and wisdom. Only one candidate has what it takes. hashtag url.
Our daughters deserve better. url.
Not a single living president has endorsed Donald Trump. url.
Trump can't win tonight's debate by lying to the merican people. url.
 this if you've got Hillary's back tonight. hashtag url.
When we come together, there's no problem we can't solve and no divide we can't heal. url.
Today, the sacrifices of Gold Star families weigh heavier on my mind. Thank you. I will fight to get you the care &amp; benefits you deserve. -H.
59 years ago, 9 brave students integrated Central High School, changing the course of history. Let's recommit to fi url.
Let's send Donald Trumpiand the worldia clear message. url hashtag url.
Imagine Donald Trump sitting in the Situation Room making life or death decisions on behalf of the United States. url.
The NYT Editorial Board says Donald Trump should not be president. Here's why. url via name.
Take it from those who have been there - Trump is not ready for the responsibility of being president: url.
"[Hillary] is one of the most qualified people ever to run for the office, and she easily earns our endorsement.u url.
Our veterans and their families deserve a president who doesn't disrespect and disparage their sacrifices. url.
7 ways Hillary's policies would help you in your daily life: url.
This war hero's Gold Star parents want you to know why they're backing name for president url.
Once again, Trump's own words are the best evidence he's not fit to be president. url.
Gold Star families have made sacrifices most of us can't even fathom. They deserve our respect and our thanks. url.
Not one living president has said they believe Donald Trump has what it takes to be Commander-in-Chief. url.
Meet three women who inspired Hillary to become the person she is today: url url.
"Our endorsement is rooted in respect for her intellect, experience, toughness and courage." name on Hillary url.
The new name is an overdue tribute to frican merican history. Let's build a more open, inclusive future by reflecting on our past. -H.
"Our choice, Hillary Clinton, has a record of service and a raft of pragmatic ideas." name endorsing Hillary url.
"I thought, this womaniI want to ride with her." iRoxie, a Republican and small business owner, on meeting Hillary url.
Hillary's been fighting for women and girls her entire careeriand she's just getting started. url.
" lifetimeos commitment to solving problems in the real world qualifies Hillary Clinton for this job." name url.
We know all too well who Donald Trump is. Let's make sure he never becomes president: url url.
" if you believe that hashtag.
.
Then make sure you're registered to vote: url url.
The NYT Editorial Board endorses Hillary Clinton for president url via name url.
Donald Trump doesn't see people like nastasiaihe only sees disability. url.
"Hillary Clinton is one of the best prepared candidates to seek the presidency." name url.
Tell a girl to run - for office! hashtag at url url.
If the young women of this country have Donald Trump as their president, what will they think of themselves? url.
Republicans are once again turning their backs on the people of Flint who have waited far too long for help. It's w url.
"I was just blown away by this 9-year-old girl." iHillary on meeting disability rights advocate name url.
I wouldn't tolerate anyone talking to my daughter like that, and she wouldn't either. url.
"Donald Trump committed perjury. Or he looked into the faces of the Republican faithful and knowingly lied." url.
The Enquirer editorial board is endorsing Hillary Clinton for president, breaking a nearly century-long tradition of endorsing Republicans..
"Hillary Clinton would make a sober, smart and pragmatic president. Donald Trump would be a catastrophe." name url.
Iove released 9 years of tax returns.  if you agree itos time for Donald Trump to release his! url.
ddiction is a diseaseinot a moral failing. We should support those who are struggling with it. hashtag url.
Charlotte should release police video of the Keith Lamont Scott shooting without delay. We must ensure justice &amp; work to bridge divides. -H.
"She gives us hope for the future. She's our girl." iRoxie, co-owner of name on Hillary url.
Every Voice is proud to endorse name for president. url url.
When Donald Trump speaks about women, our daughters can hear him. url.
Editorial board: Clinton would be a smart, pragmatic president. Trump would be a catastrophe. url.
Is this the president we want for our daughters? url.
"He's 70 years old, and he's still a bully." iKaren on name url.
Our favorite moments from Hillary's appearance on Between Two Ferns Ui url url.
"Vote." name url url.
"I really regret doing this." iHillary on Between Two Ferns url.
Let's make sure nobody who works full-time in merica has to live in poverty. url url.
Donald Trump's ties to Russia may conflict with merica's interestsibut they're great for his bottom line. url.
Very concerned about the outage in Puerto Rico and the millions of families who don't have power. Hoping it's resto url.
The man who could be your next president may be deeply indebted to another country. Do you trust him to run ours? url.
"Most people who are bullies grow out of it..
.
Donald Trump hasn't. url.
"Donald Trump doesn't see people like me, he only sees disability. I honestly feel bad for someone with so much hat url.
"I think this is the most important election in my lifetime." name takes the ue in this week's podcast: url.
"Donald Trump is really good at spending other people's moneyion:.
.
Legal settlements..
Payoffs..
Portraits of himself. url.
Holding back tears right now. For those of us that didn't grow up with hashtag this is amazing. hashtag hashtag.
name sits down Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis for her most memorable interview yet. url.
Trump should have to answer exactly why he refuses to believe that name is merican. url.
Trump mocks people with disabilities. Hillary Clinton wants to expand their job opportunities url.
No child should ever have to grow up in poverty, yet far too many do. We have to do better. Here's how: url.
"You would think there is almost, like, something wrong." iDonald Trump on Mitt Romney failing to release his tax r url.
Going to bat for kids who are too often counted out has always been a priority for Hillary. url.
name is more than just a great running mateihe's a great guy to have as a friend, too. url.
We need a president who sees the best in all of us. url.
Happy anniversary! 4 years ago today, Romney released his 2011 tax returns (which Trump urged him to do). Where are url.
" disability shouldn't define your future..
.
t name Hillary helped give kids the chance to succeed. url.
"We believe that everyone has value..
We believe that everyone's created equal..
We believe that love trumps hate..
url.
We'll make our economy and country more welcoming to people with disabilities. We all win when everyone gets to share in merica's promise..
The ultimate test of our society is how we treat our fellow human beings, especially those who we have previously left behind..
mericans with disabilities deserve the chance to work alongside those without disabilitiesito do the same jobs for the same pay &amp; benefits..
Weove got to build an economy that welcomes people with disabilities, values their work, rewards them fairly, and treats them with respect..
Over 60% of adults with disabilities arenot in the workplace. We have to fix that. url.
The D and the notion that workplaces and public spaces belong to everyone was one that Democrats and Republicans could both get behind..
None of us gets through life alone. We all have to look out for each other and lift each other up..
One of Hillary's first jobs out of law school was to find out why kids with disabilities weren't in school. url.
Not that long ago, if you had a disability, it defined your entire life. Basic, essential things that others could do, you couldnot..
"It's still legal to pay disabled workers less than the minimum wage and Clinton announces her plan to end that:.
url.
Building an inclusive economy is another reason weove got to break down systemic racism, including under-investment in communities of color..
When we leave people out or write them off, we not only shortchange them and their dreams, we shortchange our country and our future..
In merica, every person, no matter what you look like or who you are, should have the chance to go as far as your dreams will take you..
We need to come together to turn the tide, stop violence, build trust, and give all our kids the chance to grow up safe and healthy..
We've also seen the targeting of police officersibut so many serve every day with courage and honor and are committed to reform..
We have two names to add to a long list of frican mericans killed by police officers. Itos unbearable, and it needs to become intolerable..
Live from Orlando: Watch Hillary share her plan for building an inclusive economy that helps everyone get ahead Ui url.
Every student should be able to graduate from college without taking on any debt. url url.
Keith Lamont Scott. Terence Crutcher. Too many others. This has got to end. -H.
"Have student debt?.
Planning for college?.
See how much money Hillary's plan would save you:.
url url.
FCT: Donald Trump used his charitable foundation to purchase *multiple* six-foot-tall paintings of himself. url.
A real headline about the Republican nominee: "Trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems." url.
"Four months from today, our next president will walk into the Oval Office..
.
Help make sure it's not Donald Trump: url.
On this day in 1973, tennis champion Billie Jean King defeated Bobby Riggs in the uBattle of the Sexes.u url.
"""You can leave this ad mutedithere's nothing to hear."" name.
.
url url.
Help get out the vote for Hillary (plus, get a free sticker when you sign up!): url.
Trumpos calls to torture and mistreat prisoners go against the very values we are fighting to defend. Weore better than this..
Donald hasn't given his own money to the Trump Foundation since 2008ibut it's still paying his bills. url.
It's time to tell name that Wall Street works for Main Streetinot the other way around. url.
NEW: name used more $250K+ from his charity to pay off legal settlements of his for-profit businesses. url.
nother unarmed Black man was shot in a police incident. This should be intolerable. We have so much work to do. hashtag -H.
Donald Trump is using his foundationifunded by other people's moneyito settle lawsuits. url.
Trump cannot be trusted with his own charity, but we are supposed to believe he can manage the nationos treasury? url.
"Our identities do not have to be defined by putting someone else down but can be enhanced by lifting someone else up" name at hashtag.
"""The voice of your vote is the greatest voice we have."" name.
.
url url.
"""No one has the right to immigrate to this country."" iDonald Trump during his rally in Florida today.
.
We disagree. url.
Catch name at 11:35pm ET to see letters from some of Hillary's biggest fans. url.
"You want to give me a good send-off? Go vote.u iBarack Obama: url url.
Nobody in merica should have to url a higher education because they can't afford it. url.
Barack Obama said progress is on the ballot this November. This economic data shows heos right. url.
merica has never made progress by thinking one person alone can fix our problems. url.
"Everyone who wants to go to college should be able to without drowning in debt." iHillary url.
Be a voter. Check your registration and help your friends do the same Ui url url.
When name says sheos going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free, you know what? That's a very big deal..
Letos make clear that love trumps hateinot just this November, but always. url.
Find out how much Hillary's college plan will save you: url url.
"The lesson she passed on to me was simple but powerful: No one gets through life alone." iHillary on her mom url.
When we work together, we will trump hate. url.
Go to url and register to vote today. Register your friends. Register everyone you know..
"We have to stand up to this hate..
.
We have to send a clear message:.
merica is better than this..
merica is better than Donald Trump.".
We're facing a candidate with a history of discrimination in his businesses, who retweets white supremacists, and led the birther movement..
In a democracy, if you want to help the greatest number of people, you have to push for reform from both the outside-in and the inside-out..
Simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. url.
No one gets through life alone. We have to look out for each other and lift each other up. url.
"No one will work harder to make your life better. Ioll never stop, no matter how tough it gets." iHillary url.
"When mericans get knocked down, we get right back up again. We refuse to quitino matter what..
.
Thatos the spirit we need in this election.".
We have a Republican nominee for president who incites hatred and violence like weove never seen before..
College should be tuition-free for working families and debt-free for everyone: url.
If you work hard, you should be able to find a good job that pays well and lets you do what you love and make your mark on the world..
We can build a cleaner, more resilient electrical grid with enough renewable energy to power every home in the country..
"Itos wrong to tear each other down..
Itos wrong to let income inequality get worse..
Itos wrong to put a loose cannon in charge.".
This election isnot a reality TV show. It shouldnot be about birth certificates or name-calling or stunts to get on cable news..
"You want something to vote for, not just against:.
.
Optimism, not resentment..
nswers, not anger..
Ideas, not insults..
Bridges, not walls.".
uYour generation is the most inclusive, progressive, and entrepreneurial weove ever seen.u iHillary to students at name.
50 days to go. Don't miss Hillary live from name url.
uIom Hillary Clinton and Iove always approved this message.u url.
uThis threat is real, but so is our resolve. mericans will not cower. We will prevail.u iHillary url.
Not only is name wrong on birtherism, his words and policies are bad for mericans alive now and our children yet to be born..
Our next president needs to have the right temperament to meet the challenges we face. url.
uWhat Iove laid out is a path forward that will keep us safer...and go after the terrorists to finally destroy them" url.
uIom the only candidate in this race whoos been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield. iHillary.
"Let us be vigilant, but not afraidwe choose resolve, not fear. We will not turn on each other or undermine each other.u iHillary.
"Like all mericans, my thoughts are with those who were wounded, their families, &amp; our first respondersu iHillary on this weekendos attacks.
Want to do a small part to help defeat Trump in November?  this link and get everyone registered, and confirmed. url.
name wrote for us about what millennials have taught her during this election: url url.
"We have got to do everything we can to make sure that Hillary Clinton is elected president." name url.
Grateful for our brave men and women serving in the name and their families. Happy birthday, USF! url.
Congratulations on your Emmy, Kate! Big fan of yours, too. url.
"""Progress is on the ballot..
Tolerance is on the ballot..
Democracy is on the ballot..
Justice is on the ballot."" url.
Next week, Hillary will walk on stage for the first presidential debate. Chip in now for the chance to be there: url.
We've got 51 days left to win this thing. Make sure you're ready: url url.
FCT: The name spends 87% on its life changing work: url url.
It wasn't so long ago that women faced and took down barriers that can seem ridiculous now. url url.
"I strongly condemn the apparent terrorist attacks in Minnesota, New Jersey, and New York." url.
Joel Sollender, WWII veteran and POW, on what it means when he hears Trump insult our vets. url.
So, what do the candidateso foundations do again? url.
When we stand together - as white, black and hispanic, gay and straight, women and men - we trump hate. url.
"Read up on your history. It matters. We've got to get people to vote." name url url.
So what exactly is Donald Trump hiding from voters? Pretty much everything. url.
uWe have to face the world as it is but commit ourselves to turning it into what it should be.u iHillary url.
In a normal election, these 126 things would disqualify Trump from becoming president: url.
If you want to go to college or are saddled with student debt, you'll want to read what name has to say: url.
s name said, this election is about what kind of country we want to be and what we want to leave behind for future generations..
"We need ideas, not insults. Plans, not paranoia..
.
We canot let name legacy fall into the hands of someone who doesnot understand that.".
"Iom going to close my campaign the way I began my careerfocused on opportunities for children and fairness for families." iHillary.
Tune in now to watch Hillary speak to the name url.
Presidential. url.
This year, Janelle beat breast cancer with the support of her family, friends, and a presidential candidate. url.
"So how exactly did Donald Trump build his own bank account?.
.
On the backs of merican taxpayers: url.
"I want you to know that I see you, and Iom with you." iHillary to the Latino community at name url.
Trump went to Flint to draw attention to the city's lead poisoning crisisibut he just made a spectacle of himself. url.
Este hashtag honremos las tantas contribuciones que los hispanos y latinos han hecho a este pa=s. url.
Let's be clear: Nothingiincluding an auditiis preventing Trump from releasing his tax returns. url.
ny of these examples proves that Donald Trump is unfit to be president. url.
"Weore siding with students and with every merican seeking an affordable college degree." name url.
When your friends say they won't vote, ask how much student debt they have. There's only one candidate who will make college affordable..
Hillary's been her childhood pen pal, her graduation cheering section, and her friend. Meet leatha: url.
Take it from name This election is too important to sit out. Register to vote: url url.
9 times Donald Trump accused Hillary of doing the terrible things he, himself, actually did: url.
Itos time for Donald Trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee. url.
It's great to be back on the campaign trail. url.
The brave men and women who have served our country deserve better than Donald Trump. url.
126 things Donald Trump has said and done that should disqualify his candidacy: url.
Trump's habit of projecting his actions onto someone else is what 6-year-olds call "I know you are, but what am I?" url.
"Donald Trump has spent years peddling lies about President Obama..
.
nd that didn't stop today. url.
Donald Trump spent five years lying about name citizenship. He canot just take that back. url.
"We deserve a presidentwho believes that each of us is part of the merican story, and weore always stronger together.u name.
uOn November 8, you will decide whether we have a president who believes in science and will fight climate changeior not.u name.
uThe choice that you make on November 8 will determine whether you can afford college tuition.u name url.
uYouove got to get yourself and everyone you know registered to vote today.u name url.
"Your decision will determine who sits in the Oval Office after Barack Obama.u name.
"Elections aren't just about who votes, but who doesn't vote." name url.
uWe have an opportunity to elect one of the most qualified people who has ever endeavored to become president.u name on Hillary.
"Hillary has the resilience it takes to do this job, see when she gets knocked downshe gets right back up.u name.
"The presidency doesnot change who you are. It reveals who you are. nd the same thing is true of a presidential campaign." name.
"When it comes to the qualifications we should demand in a president...we need someone whoos going to take this job seriously.u name.
uI am thrilled to be here today to support the next president &amp; vice president of the United States, Hillary Clinton &amp; Tim Kaine!u name.
name is on the trail for Hillary. Tune in to watch her live from Virginia: url.
On National Prisoners of War Remembrance Day, a POW shares what it means when Trump insults veterans. url.
What Trump should do: for once in his life, own up to his mistakes. pologize to the President, and to the merican people..
Trumpos birtherism stems from the same innate beliefs that led to discriminating against black tenants early in his career. Can't be undone..
The birther lie is what turned Trump from an ordinary reality TV star into a political figure. That origin story can't be unwritten..
Trump has spent years peddling a racist conspiracy aimed at undermining the first frican merican president. He can't just take it back..
This shouldn't have to be said: You donot just get to say someone else did the worst things youove done. It doesnot work. No one buys it..
gain, Trump turns his faults on others. Psychologists call it "projecting." Kids call it "I'm rubber, you're glue." url.
When Trump tries to deflect blame for denying that name was born in merica, he is lying. url url.
Leading the birther movement is deplorable. ttempting to say it "did a great service" to the president who Trump attacked is asinine..
Expressing zero regret for years of pushing a racist conspiracy theory, Trump again appointed himself judge &amp; jury on name citizenship..
What Trump just did is a disgrace..
It's been 5 years, and Trump's still pushing the notion that name isn't merican. url.
My dad was born in Poland. Do you know how many people ever asked me whether or not I was born in merica? Nobody ever asked me that..
Letos build a future where love trumps hate. url.
uLetos reject the cynicism, the bullying, and the divisive rhetoric that my opponent is using to try and make us all afraid of each other.u.
Donald Trump looks at women and decides how their looks rate on a scale of one to 10..
"He looks at a Gold Star family and sees them as Muslims, not patriotic mericans.u iHillary on Trump.
"Donald Trump looks at a distinguished judge born in Indiana, and he sees a Mexican, not an merican.u iHillary.
"Donald Trump is unfit to be president..
We just canot accept this..
Weove got to stand up to this..
If we donot, it wonot stop.".
"Barack Obama was born in merica, plain and simple..
.
Donald Trump owes him and the merican people an apology.".
Just yesterday, Trump again refused to say with his own words that the president was born in the United States..
"We know who Donald is. For five years, he has led the birther movement to de-legitimize our first black president.u iHillary.
"The next 53 days will shape the next 50 years..
.
The future of our children and grandchildren hangs in the balance. url.
"Weoll remember the pain of the Mothers of the Movement and fight for a criminal justice system that actually delivers justice.u iHillary.
uThe merican people deserve something to vote for, not just against.u iHillary url.
"You don't just deserve a seat at the table. It's past time you had a fair chance to run the meeting." iHillary to the Black Womenos genda.
"To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. You need both understanding and action.u iHillary.
"The good news is that my pneumonia finally got some Republicans interested in womenos health.u iHillary.
Watch Hillary speak live at the Black Women's genda Symposium: url.
Remember: Trump, the Birther-in-Chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records. url.
President Obamaos successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. Period..
"When Iom under the weather, I can afford to take a few days off. Millions of mericans canot." Hillary in NC today: url.
The polls are closer than ever, and the stakes couldn't be higher. Chip in today. url url.
Immigrants arenot somehow changing the merican character; immigrants are the merican character. url.
"udems de defender a DP y DC, debemos hacer mucho msuiHillary..
url.
Donald Trump still refuses to admit President Obama was born in the United States. url.
"Trump is running the most divisive campaign of our lifetimes..
.
Thereos no innuendo or dog whistles anymore. Itos all out in the open now.".
"Donald Trump still refuses to say name was born in merica. nd this man wants to be our president?.
.
When will he stop this ugliness?".
merica is one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Not just for people who look or worship a certain way..
Despite what Donald Trump may say, immigrants are not rapists and criminals..
No child should have to say goodbye to their parents every morning not knowing if mom or dad will be there when they get home..
"We have a chance to show that comprehensive immigration reform isnot just the smart thing to doiitos what the merican people demand.".
Supporting families with paid family leave, earned sick days, and affordable child care isnot a luxuryiitos a necessity..
"It's wrong when Latinos are 17% of our population and hold only 2% of its wealth..
.
We've got to connect more Latinos with good jobs.".
"I intend to close my campaign the way I began my career: fighting for kids and families..it will be the passion of my presidency." iHillary.
"Youore not intruders. Youore our neighbors, our colleagues, our friends, our families...I see you, and I am with you." iHillary to name.
uI believe with all my heart that the merican Dream is alive, and itos big enough for everyone to share its promise.u iHillary to name.
Hillaryos live at name Tune in to hear about her vision for an inclusive merica. url.
Long overdue, but good to see the Senate approve much-needed aid for Flint. Time for the House to do the same. -H url.
"Want to compare Hillary and Trump on transparency?.
.
We stacked up everything they have (or haven't) released. url.
Just 54 days left and we donot have a minute to lose. Text JOIN to 47246 and letos go win thisitogether. url.
Celebrating hashtag with name quotes read by name uaua url.
"Love this..
.
name has spent her life fighting for childrenihere are 8 ways sheos changed their lives."".
.
url.
uThis is why I do it and this is who Iom in it forito make life better for children and families." iHillary url.
"My opponent has merica all wrong. Thereos nothing we canot do when we come together as one nation." iHillary.
s name said, the choice in this election is about who will have the power to shape our children for the next four years of their lives..
We donot need a president who thinks only married people deserve paid leave and only mothers ever stay home with the kids..
"People accuse me of all kinds of thingsiyouove probably seen that. But nobody ever accuses me of quitting.u iHillary.
uI have this old-fashioned notion that if youore running for president, you should say what youore going to do.u url.
"Iom going to close my campaign the way I began my career...focused on opportunities for kids and fairness for families." iHillary.
The stakes in this election are as high as any in our lifetimes. url.
"I want to give our kids a safer world...that means a world with strong allies, more friends, fewer enemies, and fewer nuclear weapons.".
"I learned from my family and my Methodist faith that weore each called to do all the good we can for all the people we can." iHillary.
Hillaryos running for people who are trying to do hard things and need a helping hand, people like Janelle Turner. url.
"Iom running for young people like so many of you who dream of changing our world for the better.u iHillary.
For millions of moms and dads, if they get sick, theyore on their own. Thereos no backup. url.
"Itos great to be back on the campaign trail.u iHillary in North Carolina. Watch live: url.
If you're in collegeior have a kid who isifind out how much you could save with Hillary's college plan: url.
People have seen almost 40 years of tax returns from Hillary. One set from Trump really isn't too much to ask. url.
"Trump gets criticized by a Latino judge: calls him a ""disgrace."".
A Muslim family: he lashes out..
A black pastor: url.
n unsurprising Nazi reference from the "alt-right" movement's presidential campaign. This is the real Trump. url.
Let's mark the start of Hispanic Heritage Month by celebrating our country's rich diversity and standing up to bigotry and intolerance. -H.
"Trump on releasing detailed medical records: ""I have no problem in doing so!"".
.
He still hasn't released them. url.
name stands by name running a deplorable campaign. His comments have been bigoted, mean and untrue..
Trump's global web of financial and business ties would compromise our national security if heos elected president. url.
Trump's detailed medical records are part of a laundry list of things he's hiding from the merican public. url.
Proud of you, name We can all learn from your courage in standing up to stigma. url.
When 40 million mericans are facing the same problem, it's a crisis. One candidate has a plan to address it. url.
Congratulations to Carla Hayden, sworn in today as 14th hashtag Follow her at name url.
Trump's always put his own profits above allino matter who else gets hurt. Why would that change if he's president? url.
This is the merica I believe in-Beautiful. Multifaceted. Loving. Inclusive. This is why I'm passionate url hashtag.
How will Trump guarantee that he'll put merica's security over his own financial interests? url.
People are making less real wages than 18 years ago, Trump says in Ohio. "Me, Iom working harder also so I donot feel sorry for any of you.".
Proud to have you on this team, name url url.
url was scammed out of his savingsihis retirement, his kids' college fundsiby a real estate "course" at Trump U. url.
"Hillary's released her medical information and tax returns..
.
We're still waiting for Trump to do the same. url.
Donald Trump's foundation: paying off would-be opponents, stiffing actual charities. url.
ttention lawyers &amp; law students: Help name protect the right to vote. Sign up &amp; share with your friends: url.
Hillary applauds the agreement on a new memorandum of understanding regarding U.S. security assistance to Israel. url.
uThe bottom line is that we can not afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show.u name url.
Hillary Clinton has some questions for Donald Trump after reading that name article. url.
20 questions Trump needs to answer on his dangerous foreign business tiesiand the national security risks they pose. url.
20. It's pretty clear: Trump's spent his life unscrupulously looking out for his own wallet above all. Why would that change as president?.
19. In sum, how will Trump guarantee that if forced to choose between merica's security and his own bank account, he won't pick the latter?.
18. We'll let name ask this one: url.
17. Will your children disclose all of the foreign trips and business deals they've undertaken during the campaign, and with whom they met?.
16. You've mentioned ~120 foreign deals, including in countries with national security implications. Where and with whom are you working?.
15. To what extent are you and your family currently contractually tied to payments from foreign business partners, or governments?.
14. We know you engaged extensively in pay-to-play here at home. Have you bribed foreign officials or other parties abroad?.
13. How can we know you won't (again) impulsively damage relationships with crucial allies to preserve your own ego? url.
12. How can we be sure you'd be willing to be tough on any nation if necessary, if it would put your interests and profits at risk?.
11. With business ties to politically-connected Indian developers, how can you conduct foreign policy that puts the U.S. above your profits?.
10. How did the Russian mob boss who ran a criminal url out of Trump Tower get a VIP pass to your Miss Universe pageant in Moscow?.
9. Have you or your campaign discussed U.S.-Russian relations with the Russian billionaires with whom you've done business?.
8. Will you disclose the nature of your personal and business relationships with all of the Russian oligarchs you are ucloseu to?.
7. To what extent would your foreign policy be dictated by potential financial benefits for your business partners? url.
6. Given that you've already questioned our commitments to NTO allies, what is your answer to this? url.
5. How can you be tough on Iran, given your business partnership with someone connected to Iranian money laundering? url.
4. If you were willing to work with Qaddafiia known terrorist and dictatoriis there anyone you aren't willing to make a deal with? Who?.
3. While refusing to release your tax returns, how will you confirm that you do not have dangerous financial ties to bad actors abroad?.
2. How will you handle non-cancelable contractual obligations with parties whose interests conflict with those of the United States?.
1. Will you sever ties with your company linked to foreign leaders, questionable url and criminals if you become president?.
In light of name report on the Trump Organization's dangerous ties, here are 20 questions that Trump needs to answerinow..
Today's must-read: "lmost every foreign policy decision [Trump] makes will raise serious conflicts of interest." url.
In name A Pres Trump could not conduct US foreign policy w/o affecting his personal bank account. url.
In name Trump Organization business would place national security at risk, even undermining the war on ISIS. url.
Our latest cover story: Trump's foreign ties could upend U.S. national security interests url url.
Donald Trump's foundation allegedly paid off Florida's attorney general to prevent an investigation into his fraud. url.
"You don't grade the presidency on a curve." name url.
"If you're serious about our democracy, then you've got to be with her." name on Hillary url.
Danny Williams and his wife Leah lost their home after Trump University took advantage of them. url.
California made the right call: Every worker should be treated with dignity and receive the benefits they've earned. url.
Itos literally right here: url url.
Like most of Trumpos plans, the details of his paid leave proposal aren't serious. url.
A manos role in child care, according to Donald Trump: url.
"How pay-to-play works:.
.
1. Trump faces possible investigation.
2. Trump gives $$ to G.
3. Investigation never happens url.
Trump and Pence's courting of white supremacists isn't a game: It's normalizing racism. nd it's deplorable. url.
Why name is the best choice to lead the US economy (via name url hashtag.
Proud to mark 22 years of the Violence gainst Women ct. Our work isn't done until women in every community are safe from violence..
"Heos spent most of his life trying to stay as far away from working people as he could.u name on Trump url.
"Donald Trump says stuff every day that used to be considered as disqualifying for being president." name url.
"merica is not about oyes, he will.' It's about oyes, we can.'" name url.
"The bottom line is that we cannot afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show.u name on the mediaos coverage of Donald Trump.
"You don't grade the presidency on a curve. This is serious business.u name.
"We cannot take this election for granted. Weove got to fight for this thing.u name url.
uShe knows that love trumps hate.u name on Hillary.
"If you want higher wages, better benefits...then you should be voting for Hillary Clinton." name url.
uThen thereos the other guy, Donald Trump. Donot boo, vote!u name url.
"I believe there has never been a man or woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as our president." name.
u leader who's got real plans to break down barriers and blast through glass ceilings." name on Hillary: url.
"Can I just say, I am really into electing Hillary Clinton. This is not me just going through the motions here.u name.
"The choice that you make, that we make, just 8 weeks from today, will determine the direction of this country for a long time.u name.
"We lifted 3.5 million people out of poverty. That's the largest one-year drop in poverty since 1968.u name.
"Even though I have run my last campaign, I am going to work as hard as I can this fall to elect Hillary Clinton." name.
"I could not be prouder of the leader we have nominated to take my place.u name on Hillary.
With just 56 days until Election Day, name is back out on the trail for Hillary in Philly. Watch live: url.
Every woman in this country deserves to be free from harm and from fear. Proud to celebrate 22 years of the Violence gainst Women ct. -Joe.
s Muslims celebrate Eid al-dhaia festival of sacrifice, charity, &amp; feeding the poorilet's reflect on those shared values. Eid Mubarak! -H.
Pay-To-Play: The act of making a donation to a politician so they'll help you out. See: Donald Trump. url.
"It just seems that the economy does better under the Democrats than the Republicans." iDonald Trump, March 2004 url.
name HBCU plan is really smart. ddresses so many critical issues around access &amp; debt. I'm impressed. url.
7 questions we have about the Trump Foundation (and how Donald used it to stop investigations into his fraud): url.
The name is right to pull tournament games from North Carolina because of the anti-LGBT HB2 law. Discrimination has no place in merica. -H.
"Trump says ""you can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its citizens."".
.
What Trump's also said: url.
Only one candidate in this race has a plan to tackle these issues. See how her plan would help you: url.
A quick search of Trumpos website shows the top mentions of ustudent debtu and ucollegeu are attacksinot solutions. url.
"Student debt and the cost of college are incredibly important..
.
Why isnot Donald Trump talking about these issues?".
Student debt is a major drag on our economy, and it's holding people back from moving forward with life. url.
We also need to tackle the student debt crisis and help those like name who have already borrowed. url.
The cost of attending HBCUs should never prevent name anyoneifrom attending one: url url.
Paying for college doesn't end at tuition, so we need to help students pay for other costs like books and housing. url.
name worries are all-too-common. We need to make attending a community college completely tuition free. url.
"Weoll make in-state colleges and universities tuition-free for families making under $125,000/year..
.
That'll help more than 80% of families.".
We need to make college debt-free. You shouldn't have to take out loans (or more drastic measures) to attend college url.
"Young people say two things:.
ui College is too expensive.
ui Student debt is crushing them.
.
Weore going to help them: url.
Your student debt collector would really like you not to vote for Hillary. url url.
The Trump Foundation: "an arrangement worked out for maximum benefit at minimum sacrifice.u url.
If you wonot say the KKK is deplorable, you have no business running the country. url.
"""You can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its citizens."" iDonald Trump.
.
bout that. url.
Like anyone whoos ever been home sick from work, Iom just anxious to get back out there. See you on the trail soon. -H.
Thanks to everyone whoos reached out with well wishes! Iom feeling fine and getting better. -H.
"uei Tuition.
uio Books.
ue Room and board.
uci Food.
College adds up. name wants to help you save: url.
"Debt shouldn't hold people back from going to college..
.
Let's make sure it doesnot. url url.
"Trump's calling for trillion dollar tax cuts for Wall Street..
.
It's time for them to pay their fair share. url.
Leading charity watchdogs agree: the work of the name earns the highest marks across the board. url.
Whether you have student debt or you're preparing for school, see how much our college plan could save you. url.
Senator Tim Kaine: "Everyone deserves affordable higher education" url.
The reporting on Hillary's emails has left the basis of facts and veered into dangerous territory. url.
Introducing our college calculator: Find out how much Hillary's plan could save you or your family on student loans. url.
Trump uses his foundation to pay for things with other people's money. url url.
We'll never url the horror of September 11, 2001. Today, let's honor the lives and tremendous spirit of the victims and responders. -H.
"Trump spent $20,000 of money earmarked for charitable purposes to buy a six-foot-tall painting of himself.u url.
reading url makes me excited to vote for name with the next generation in mind ue url.
"The story has vastly exceeded the boundaries of the facts." name on the reporting on Hillary's emails url.
name 4/4 stars from name.
.
Trump Fdn: Fined by the IRS for illegal political donation.
url.
Remember: If he becomes president, Donald Trump would have the U.S. economy in his hands. url url.
name once used $20,000 of his charity's money to buy a six-foot-tall painting of...himself. url.
If Donald Trump wins, kids lose. url.
Except for frican mericans, Muslims, Latinos, immigrants, women, veteransiand any so-called "losers" or "dummies." url.
"I won't stop calling out bigotry and racist rhetoric in this campaign." iHillary url.
Hillary on the faith that drives her: "Do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can." url.
Our next president needs to do everything possible to make life a little easier for working parents. url.
"Women are seen through a different lens." iHillary to name url.
Thank you for being so brave, strid. Iom going to do everything I can to keep families like yours together. -H url.
We canot let Trumpos umanifest unfitness for officeu become normal. We need to hold him accountable. url.
When Hillary talks about needing more love and kindness in our lives, this is what she means. url.
Join name and activists across the country in supporting LGBT rights this November: url.
t the 2016 DNC, name Press Secretary name became the first openly trans person to speak at a convention. url.
ppalling behavior from Wells Fargo. This is exactly why we need a strong name can't let Trump dismantle it. url.
"Let's send Donald Trump a powerful message on Election Day..
.
url hashtag url.
Women like Elaine served our country and blazed a trail for others to follow. They've earned our highest honors. url.
North Koreaos decision to conduct another nuclear test is outrageous and unacceptable. url.
Watch live as name campaigns for Hillary in Philadelphia Ui url url.
If you want to see what corruption actually looks like, this is it. url url.
This is what a comprehensive (not "secret") counterterrorism plan looks like. url.
We can only confront a challenge like Zika when we come together. It's time for Republicans to fund this fight: url -H.
If you've ever wondered what Hillary's like as a friend, you could ask Janelle. url.
Making the wrong choice on climate change would be a disaster for our kids and grandkids. url.
The next time Trump throws a tantrum, picture him in the Situation Room making life-or-death decisions for us. url.
The most important quality in a president and Commander-in-Chief is steadinessian absolute, rock solid steadiness. url.
Unlike Trump's, this plan to defeat ISIS isnot a usecret.u url.
We need a president who will do justice, love kindness, and walk humbly. url.
We need a president who understands that none of us has all the answers and no one person can fix our problems alone..
"Everyone here...has stumbled on their own stony roads. Itos grace that lifts us up, grace that leads us home.u iHillary to the name.
"Humility is not something you hear much about in politics, is it? But we should. None of us is perfect." iHillary.
"Do all the good you can,.
for all the people you can,.
in all the ways you can,.
for as long as you can. url.
"This election is too important for anyone to sit on the sidelines..
.
Make sure your friends are registered to vote. url.
"Let's beat back the assault on voting rightsia blast from the Jim Crow past that must be stopped..
.
We should expand voting rights instead.".
Every child should be able to live up to their God-given potential, no matter where they come from, what they look like, or who they love..
Together, weoll face head-on the reality of systemic racism and work to reform our criminal justice system. url.
Rosa Parks opened up every seat on the businow itos our job to create more good jobs so everyone can afford the fare..
None of us can sit back while the epidemic of gun violence ravages our country. url.
We have to work together to make sure every child has clean water to drink and air to breathe and good schools, no matter their zip code..
"Thank you for loving all people, especially 'the least, the last, and the lost' among us." iHillary to the name.
nyone who looks at the frican merican community and sees only poverty, crime, and despair is missing so much. url.
Hillaryos talking to name about her faith live in Kansas City. Watch here: url.
When it comes to mental health, help should be focused on treatment, not judgment. url.
7 ways Donald Trump proved heos not ready to be Commander-in-Chief (in less than 30 minutes): url.
Hillary chats favorite books, handling criticism, and life on the trail in episode 3 of With Her. Listen here ue : url.
Hillary cree que la verdadera fuerza se encuentra en lo que hacemos por los dems. Vea nuestro nuevo anuncio. url.
t last night's forum, Trump disrespected our generals, our country, and women in the militaryibut he praised Putin. url.
We can build a future where weore stronger together. Thatos who we are as mericans. Text JOIN to 47246 to get involved..
"s your Commander-in-Chief, I will not trash our countryos most cherished values. I will defend them.u iHillary.
Weore going to guarantee equal pay for women. It is long overdue. url.
Whatos the best way to stand up for voting rights? Get registered: url.
Hillaryos speaking in North Carolina on her vision to build an economy that works for everyone. Tune in: url.
Hillary Clinton is supporting a bill that would protect benefits for former coal miners url url.
Before Hillary, the last Democrat the name endorsed was FDR: url.
The House should reject H.R. 5424, which rolls back important rules on Wall Street money managers and puts workerso retirements at risk..
Donald Trump "absolutely" stands behind his horrible 2013 tweet about sexual assault in the military url.
"Last night, Trump chose to talk about his deep admiration and support for Putin..
.
Maybe he did it with a smile. url.
The next time Donald Trump throws a temper tantrum, imagine if he had the nuclear codes. url.
uI love this country. I will serve it with my entire heart, mind, and soul.u iHillary on the tarmac to reporters.
There's only one candidate in this election who's ready to be merica's Commander-in-Chief. url.
Imagine this man in charge of our men and women in uniform. url.
Trump to Matt Lauer on Iraq: "I was totally against the war." Here's proof Trump is lying: url url.
ctually, thatos just what taking the office of President seriously looks like. url.
"Trump's unpresidential trifecta tonight:.
1. ttack our generals.
2. Praise Putin.
3. Blame women in combat for sexual assault.
hashtag.
Trump tried to prove he'd be fit to serve as president...by comparing name unfavorably to Putin. hashtag url.
I really can't believe I just saw a Republican nominee for president heap praise on a thuggish Russian leader while denigrating our military.
"Donald Trump is unqualified and totally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief..
.
You can stop him. Register to vote today: url.
Text QULIFIED to 47246 if you agree there was only one candidate tonight who showed she's ready to be the next president..
"Donald Trump could be our next Commander-in-Chief..
.
Chip in to make sure it never happens: url hashtag.
"It is a correct tweet." iDonald Trump, just now hashtag url.
"Donald Trump's super secret plan to fight ISIS is still a super secret. hashtag.
url.
A man who talks about our veterans and military families like this doesn't deserve to be Commander-in-Chief. url.
The worst part is, this isnot the first time Donald Trump has praised Russia and Putin. hashtag url.
No todas las heridas son visibles. Los veteranos merecen el mejor cuidado de salud mental disponible. hashtag url.
"uI have a very good brain.u iDonald Trump on his foreign policy advisors.
.
(Himself.) url.
In 2002, Donald Trump said he supported invading Iraq url url.
"Tonight, Trump is going to try and claim he's ready to be Commander-in-Chief. The facts say otherwise..
.
Follow name to see why.".
Not every wound can be seen. Our veterans deserve the best mental health services we can give. hashtag url.
Unlike her opponent, Hillary's plan to defeat ISIS is not a secret. hashtag url.
We need to do everything we can to remove barriers to the health care our veterans neediwhether physical or mental. hashtag.
"I will not let the V be privatized." iHillary url hashtag.
Hillary has spent decades fighting for veterans, members of the military, and their families. url hashtag.
Our next Commander-in-Chief needs to have the steadiness, strength, and judgment to make life and death decisions. url.
It takes experience, toughness, and a steady temperament to be our Commander-in-Chief. hashtag url.
Donald Trump has proven over and over again that he's unfit to be our Commander-in-Chief. url.
A person who trash talks our own military should never set foot in the Oval Office. url.
"We must be a force for unity in merica, for a vision that includes all of us." iGen. John llen at the DNC url.
Trump's pay-to-play scandal revolves around the Trump U scam which preyed on people like this military family. url.
"Tonight, mericans will hear what Trump would do as Commander-in-Chief..
.
Here are 5 reasons he's unfit for the job: url.
A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons. url.
 if you believe Donald Trump's actions speak louder than his empty words. url.
A man who talks about our veterans and military families like this doesn't deserve to be Commander-in-Chief. url.
"The U.S. presidency isn't an entry-level job..
.
How Hillary's time as our secretary of state shows she's ready: url.
Did Trump use his charitable foundation to prevent a state attorney general from investigating his fraud? url.
name name and Leon Panetta agree: Hillary's one of the best secretaries of state we've had. url.
"1. Download our app.
2. Complete daily challenges.
3. Elect the next president.
.
url.
We can't afford a president who would sabotage our efforts to fight climate change. url.
"Hillary tiene la experiencia y conf=o en ella...Para m=, primero pa=s"i exsecretario republicano de Comercio. url.
Donald Trump doesn't "know why" frican mericans would be offended that he pushed the "birther" conspiracy: url.
When our SELs took out bin Laden, they brought the terrorists' families to safety first. That's merican honor. url.
The name hasn't endorsed a Democrat for president since before WWII. Here's why it's endorsing Hillary: url.
World leaders on why Hillary's tenure as secretary of state prepared her to be president: url.
We recommend name for U.S. president url url.
"""I know more about ISIS than the generals do."" iDonald Trump.
.
No, you don't. url.
If Donald Trump doesn't show all mericans the respect they deserve, he doesn't deserve to be their president. url.
Enter to win a signed copy of Hillary and Tim's new book! url.
"I think I've made a lot of sacrifices." iTrump's response to the parents of Humayun Khan, who died serving in Iraq url.
We should be helping more immigrant families stay together, not tearing them apart. url.
GOP cares more about defunding name and protecting the Confederate flag than protecting millions from Zika: url.
"Clintonos proposals would revolutionize how we treat young children in merica.u url.
Donald Trump has a problem looking at someone different from himself and actually seeing them. url.
"We can take on the threat of climate change and make merica a clean energy superpower..
.
Or, we can do nothing. url.
Vote this year like your future depends on itibecause it does: url.
"I call on all Republicans to put people before politics and finally vote on a clean funding bill to fight Zika right here in Florida.".
Donald Trump is totally unfit and unqualified to be president of the United States: url.
"Trump says he uknows more about ISIS than the generals do.u.
.
Not only is that wrong, it's disrespectful to our men and women in uniform.".
"Right now, too many mericans are being held back by student debt..
.
Weove got to fix that: url.
nybody working full-time should not be living in poverty. Itos time to raise the minimum wage. url.
"In merica, we don't say, uI alone can fix it.u.
.
We say, ""We'll fix it together.u url.
Weore going to make our economy grow, but weore also going to make it fair. Hereos how: url.
"I want to be a president for all mericans, not just for some mericans; Democrats, Republicans, Independents." iHillary.
The stakes in this campaign couldnot be higher. Make sure youore registered to vote: url.
"63 days left..
.
Watch live as Hillary hits the trail in Tampa Ui url.
Only one candidate in this race is standing up for working families. Take a look: url.
Our veterans and military families deserve better. url.
"Today, we'll hear Trump talk about our veterans..
.
Our new ad on what they've been hearing from Trump for months: url.
Stronger together. url.
"The essence of his campaign is bigotry." name on Donald Trump in New Hampshire url.
Unions have had the backs of working families for decades. Now they need to know we have theirs. url.
While the Clinton Foundation receives high marks, Trump's is fined for a pay-to-play scheme url url.
21 years ago name speech pushed the political discourse and forced a global dialogue on gender equality url.
"Human rights are women's rights, and women's rights are human rights." iHillary in Beijing, 21 years ago today url.
Sec. of Labor Frances Perkins was our first woman cabinet member and an architect of the Fair Labor Standards ct. url.
One candidate would stand up for workers and their families. The other? Not so much. url.
Unions gave us higher wages, weekends, and the largest middle class in the world. That's worth celebrating &amp; protecting. Happy hashtag -H.
name Yes. url.
Unions stand up for workers who need someone to have their backs. We need a president who will do the same. url.
If you're a fan of weekends, thank a union member. url.
We need better community resources for the 1 in 4 college-aged students facing mental health challenges. url.
There's going to be no one left in Washington for Trump to work with who he hasnot insulted. url.
Hillary Clinton has a quietly bold idea to stop drug price spikes: url url.
stonishing that the Republican nominee still refuses to acknowledge that name was born in the United States. url.
We have a new name Check out letters to Hillary from mericans around the country at url url.
"Thatos a special thing about Hillaryiwhen thereos a job worth doing, she doesnot abandon it." iPresident Carter url.
Thanks, name for reaffirming the law to protect women's healthiwhichever provider you choose. url.
Even before his hateful speech this week, Trump has never been vague about his feelings toward immigrants. url.
" reminder as merica officially joins the Paris climate agreement..
.
We canot stop there: url url.
Hillary will deliver on Paris &amp; go further to cut emissions, build renewable energy to power every home in merica. url.
"Our planet's future depends on the decisions we make now..
.
 if you agree it's time to combat climate change. url.
There's no higher calling than service to others. url.
Donald Trump's pattern of prejudice and discrimination started long before he was a presidential candidate. url.
Donald Trump's plan on immigration has been clear all along: demonize immigrants, "build a wall," deport millions. url.
merica needs leadership in the White House, not a liability. url url.
"When Ruline was born in 1913, women couldn't vote..
.
In 2016, she'll cast her vote to elect the 1st woman president. url.
Drug companies should never put profits before patients. Our plan to stop excessive prescription drug price hikes: url.
Trump and his hateful language are affecting our kids. These are some of the heartbreaking things they're saying: url.
name "Trump laid out the most hardline, mean spirited immigration proposal in U.S. history." url.
The worst part is, Trump's disturbing policies for immigrant families go way beyond just "building a wall." url.
"s a candidate, Trump has already embarrassed us on the world stage..
.
Imagine the damage he'd do as president. url.
Clinton announces plan to address 'unjustified' price hikes on life-saving drugs url.
The disastrous Mexico wall trip: a case study in the Trump school of diplomacy. url.
"So, how did Donald Trump's first swing at diplomacy go? Not so great..
.
Try to follow his decision-making process: url.
Donald Trump's immigration plan makes it clear that he's more interested in dividing us than uniting us. url.
Turns out, hosting Miss Universe pageants abroad doesn't equate to diplomatic skills. url.
Folks, we've got to elect name and take back the Senate. Let's roll up our sleeves and get to work. -Joe url.
It took Donald Trump exactly one foreign policy trip to get rebuked by a leader of an ally nation. url.
If Trump needs help with diplomacy, he could learn a lot from our last secretary of state. url.
Born Sept. 1, 1933, former TX Gov. nn Richards opened doors for women and minorities in her own state and beyond. url.
This election is about looking in the mirror. Do we see a nation that respects people or divides people? url.
"There will be no softening whatsoever." ithe name on Trump's most alarming immigration speech yet url.
This choice couldn't be starker. url.
"Trump, the self-proclaimed tough negotiator, not only choked but openly lied about choking." url.
"Heos causing nations to wonder if weoll actually keep our word.u name on Donald Trump: url.
"The neighborhood you come from is where your character is etched. Where your values are set." -VP Biden url.
"[Trump] was born with a silver spoon in his mouth that he's now choking on because his foot's in his mouth along with the spoon." -VP Biden.
"I'm so sick and tired of people like Trump...saying we get 'paid too much.'" name in Ohio: url.
We're fighting for the middle-class workers who make merica great. Follow along as VP Biden is back in Ohio today. url.
Tune in now to watch name hit the trail for Hillary in Ohio: url.
Proud to be rated four stars by name for our impact, transparency, and the quality of our work: url.
Trump's extreme immigration speech got rave reviewsifrom white supremacists, the alt-right, and nn Coulter. url.
Donald Trump could actually be our next president. Chip in before midnight to make sure that never happens: url.
There is no other Donald Trump. This is it. url.
We are not going to criminalize, profile, round up, and deport 16 million people. url.
Trump just failed his first foreign test. Diplomacy isn't as easy as it looks. -H.
A wall that Mexico will pay for: a bad idea from an even worse negotiator. url.
"Nunca les mentir" iDonald Trump, el 18 de agosto de 2016. url.
Thereos an old Mexican proverb that says, uTell me with whom you walk, and I will tell you who you are.u url.
"It turns out Trump didn't just choke, he got beat in the room and lied about it." name url.
uI will never lie to you.u iDonald Trump, ugust 18, 2016 url.
Great news for North Carolinians. Let's make voting easier so every voice in our democracy can be heard. -H url.
Trump has vilified Mexicans and immigrants since day one of his campaign. That's not what merica stands for. url.
"I happen to have a tremendous feeling for Mexican mericans.u iDonald Trump, ugust 31, 2016 url.
El plan de Trump sobre inmigracin ha sido claro: demonizar inmigrantes, "construir la muralla", deportar millones. url.
"We are building a wall. He's a Mexican!u iDonald Trump, June 3, 2016 url.
s Trump meets with President Pea Nieto, a helpful refresher on some of the things heos said about Mexico: url.
When Trump talks about his mass deportation plan, he's talking about breaking up families like Karla's. url.
In merica, our shared values make us stronger. We can't let Trump tear down everything we stand for. url.
"""They have to go."".
.
Trump has been perfectly clear about his intentions for millions of immigrants. url.
Our veterans deserve our thanks. You deserve a country that honors your service, not just with words but with deeds. url.
50 GOP national security experts said they will not vote for Trump because he would be uthe most reckless president in merican history.u.
Too many veterans and their families arenot getting the mental health services they need. Our plan to fix that: url.
"I will never, ever disrespect Gold Star families whoove made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation or prisoners of war.u iHillary.
The last thing we need is a president who brings more name-calling and temper tantrums to Washington..
"I completely reject anyone, including my opponent, who calls the merican military a 'disaster.'" iHillary to the name.
"We canot cozy up to dictators; we have to stand up to them..
.
We canot contain ISIS; we must defeat it. nd we will.".
Getting countries to work together takes more than trying to make up for a year of insults by dropping in for a few hours, then flying home..
merican leadership means standing with our allies, because our network of allies is part of what makes us exceptional..
uNo matter how great the challenge, merica must lead.u iHillary to the name url.
name vetoing a minimum wage increase is a blow to working families. No one who works full-time should have to live in poverty. -H.
We're still 2.5 million away from reaching our ugust fundraising goal. Chip in by midnight and get a free sticker: url.
 this if you agree. url.
A big, beautiful list of literally every tweet Donald Trump has sent about Mexico over the last two years. url.
"From the first days of his campaign, Donald Trump has painted Mexicans as 'rapists' and criminals." url.
What you need to know about the "alt-right" and name connections to white supremacy and hate groups: url.
Itos time to come clean, Donald. Release your tax returns. Explain your business interests. url url.
Trump loves his "Make merica Great gain" hat a lot for a guy who outsourced jobs to 12 different countries. url.
"Trump's plan:.
1. Round up and deport every single undocumented immigrant.
2. Build a concrete wall.
.
n alternative: url.
60% of adults experiencing mental health illnesses are untreated. It's time to close the treatment gap. url.
Eight reasons why you shouldn't need a four-year degree to have a successful career: url.
The name is saving lives around the world. url.
Universal broadband, 5G wireless, CS Ed for all, open internet-- all in name "wonkiest ever" tech plan. url.
Mike Penceos governorship has been devastating to Indiana women. Just ask one of them: url.
We're facing the highest suicide rate in 30 years. Let's make sure every family can access mental health treatment. url.
Give the Trump family a huge tax cut or take care of our veterans? Not a hard choice. url url.
Big victory from the name for workers' right to url for fair wages and benefits. url url.
It's time to finally put access to care for mental health on par with physical health. url.
The choice in November: a president with real plans to combat climate changeior one who calls it a hoax. url.
Clinton today released a usweeping agendau to address mericaos mental health problem, per name url.
Hillary Clinton proposes plan to address mental health treatment url url.
"Donald Trump: Make ________.
Bangladesh.
China.
India.
Indonesia.
Vietnam.
Mexico.
Slovenia.
Great gain? url.
Qumber's parents came to this country for the merican Dream. Trump is a threat to all they've achieved: url.
Too many mericans living with mental illness have been left to face it on their own. url url.
Joe and Hillary went home to Scranton. Take a behind-the-scenes look at their visit: url.
&gt;&gt; Trump Keeps Lying bout Crime In merica. This Is The Truth. url.
"Trump talks about enacting extreme policy ideas that hurt mericans..
.
His VP pick has actually done it. url.
Mi Mxico, and the world, lost a great singer, songwriter and human being. hashtag hashtag hashtag url.
Charity Watch called the name "one of the great humanitarian charities of our generation." url.
Back when she was New York's senator, name fought political attacks on access to emergency contraception: url.
"Dear Donald: You can't make merica great again when you don't make things in merica..
url.
We have some questions about this letter from Donald Trump's doctor. url.
Trump's housing company would mark black renters' applications with a "C" for "colored"ithen reject them. url.
"The right to vote is still the most powerful nonviolent tool of transformation we have." name url.
53 years ago today, we Marched on Washington for Jobs and Freedom. hashtag url.
"We're stronger togetheriand the diversity of our athletes in Rio proved it..
url.
When Trump was starting in business, he was sued by the Justice Department for refusing to rent to black tenants. url.
53 years ago, Dr. King told us his dream. Today, let's recommit ourselves to the march toward equality for all. url -H.
"Hillary's small business plan:.
ui cut paperwork.
ui improve funding access.
ui save businesses $.
url url.
Hate is not welcome in our homes. We shouldn't welcome it into the White House. hashtag url.
Families across merica are feeling the strain from prescription drug price-gouging. Here's how we'll take this on: url.
A must read today: The NYT digs deep into Donald Trump and his father's history of denying housing to blacks. url.
If Trump doesnot see all mericans or respect all mericans, how can he serve all mericans? hashtag url.
Helping small businesses succeed is about more than policyiit's personal. url url.
"You can learn a lot about a person by the company they keep..
.
Here's some of the company Trump keeps: url.
It's Women's Equality Day. Donald Trump can't say he treats women with respect url.
Happy National Dog Day! url.
"Making it easier to live the merican Dream means making it easier to start and grow a small business..
url.
"Daughter, business owner, and immigrant: Meet Luisaichaser of the merican Dream..
url.
Happy hashtag from name url.
"So what has the name been up to? Helping millions of people get more affordable medicine to treat HIV/IDS..
url.
Nearly 100 years ago, women broke down barriers to the ballot box, moving us closer to a more equal nation. Let's finish what they started..
"human rights are womenos rights &amp; womenos rights are human rights." - name hashtag ueueueueueueueueueue url.
Yes, name really did say all of these hateful things. url.
On hashtag celebrate your right to vote by making sure you're ready to exercise it: url.
Even as we celebrate the 19th mendment, remember the struggle for voting rights continued for women of color. That fight continues today..
On this day in 1920, the 19th mendment was adopted and many women won the right to vote. Let's break more ceilings. url.
"We've made our union more perfect because people refused to be kept on the sidelines. Onward. hashtag.
url.
Countless women fought to win the right to vote. On the anniversary of the 19th mendment's adoption, let's recommit to protecting it. -H.
name From the start, Trump has built his campaign on prejudice and paranoia url.
Republican leaders should take a look at who they're standing with. url.
Donald Trumpos campaign of prejudice and paranoia is unlike anything weove seeniand itos profoundly dangerous. url.
"Trump's bigoted rhetoric and policy proposals aren't a dog whistle. We hear him loud and clear..
url.
"Enjoying a quiet moment at name back in 1995..
.
Happy hashtag url.
It's not a coincidence that white supremacists proudly support Trump. url.
Trump asked what the frican merican community has to lose by voting for him. name response: url.
name no one deserves thisileast of all someone who brings us so much joy. I'm with you. -H.
Trump says he wants to "make merica great again," but his real message remains umake merica hate again.u url.
Let this sink in. To hate groups, Trump's language doesn't come across as coded. url.
"This election is too important for anyone to sit out..
.
Text JOIN to 47246 or go to url Letos go win this, together.".
Our rising generation of young mericans is the most open, diverse, and connected weove ever seen..
"Every day, more mericans are standing up and saying 'enough is enough'iincluding a lot of Republicans. Iom honored to have their support.".
In 2008, John McCain told his own supporters that Barack Obama is an merican citizen and "a decent person.".
The week after 9/11, url W. Bush went to a mosque and declared for everyone to hear that Muslims 'love merica just as much as I do.'.
20 years ago, when Bob Dole accepted the Republican nomination, he pointed to the exits and told any racists in the Party to get out..
"Thereos an old Mexican proverb that says uTell me with whom you walk, and I will tell you who you are.u.
.
We know who Trump is.".
A fringe element has effectively taken over Trumpos campaign and the Republican Party. url.
Trump hired the head of Breitbart "News" to be CEO of his campaign. Here's a sample of their work: url.
Trump likes to say he only hires the "best people," but heos had to fire so many campaign managers itos like an episode of the pprentice..
Trump would ban every Muslim around the worldi1.5 billion men, women, and childrenifrom entering the U.S. just because of their religion..
Trump would abolish this bedrock constitutional principle: if youore born in the U.S., youore an merican citizen. url.
Trump would form an armed deportation force to round up millions of immigrants and kick them out of the country. url.
Look at the policies Trump has proposedithey would put prejudice into practice. url.
Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president of the United States..
Someone as detached from reality as Donald Trump should never be in charge of making decisions that are as real as they come..
"Trump suggested that Ted Cruzos father was involved in the Kennedy assassination..
.
Of course thereos absolutely no evidence of that.".
"Trump claimed that thousands of merican Muslims in New Jersey cheered the 9/11 attacks..
.
They didnot. url.
When Donald Trump was asked about anti-Semitic slurs and death threats coming from his supporters, he refused to condemn them..
Trump refused to disavow the support of David Duke, a notorious former leader of the Ku Klux Klan. url.
Trump famously posted an anti-Semitic graphic that first appeared on a white supremacist website. url.
Trump retweets white supremacists. He took a fringe bigot and spread his message to 11 million people. url.
If Donald Trump doesnot respect all mericans, how can he serve all mericans? url.
In 2015, Trump launched his own campaign for president by describing Mexican immigrants as rapists and criminals. url.
Trump first gained political prominence promoting the racist lie that President Obama isnot really an merican. url.
State regulators fined one of Trumpos casinos for repeatedly removing black dealers from the floor..
When Trump was getting his start in business, he was sued by the Justice Dept. for refusing to rent apartments to black and Latino tenants..
Trump is reinforcing harmful stereotypes and offering a dog whistle to his most hateful supporters..
Donald Trump has built his campaign on prejudice and paranoia. Heos taking hate groups mainstream..
"Everywhere I go, people tell me how concerned they are by the divisive rhetoric coming from my opponent in this election." iHillary.
Live from Reno: Hillary discusses why name divisive rhetoric is so dangerous to our future Ui url.
Longtime Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke supports Donald Trump because they share so many of the same values. url.
merica has a lot to lose by electing Trump. But thereos one group in particular who has everything to gain. url.
"Why do so many Ku Klux Klan members support Trump?.
.
"" lot of what he believes, we believe in."" url.
Thank you to the Orlando Health and Florida Hospital for showing empathy and kindness in the face of hate. -H url.
"There's a reason the most hateful fringe of the right wing is supporting Donald Trump..
url.
merica's best idea 100 years ago is still our best idea today. Happy birthday to the name hashtag url.
"He is taking a hate movement mainstream. He has brought it into his campaign." iHillary to name on Trump.
What's your volunteer personality type? Take our quiz for personalized recommendations on how to help elect Hillary: url.
8 things you can do *today* to help elect Hillary: url.
FCT: The name helps 11.5 million people with HIV/IDS worldwide get their medication. url.
name announced a new public health fund to fight pandemics like Zika and keep merican families safe url.
Thinking about the people of both Italy and Myanmar as they respond to today's earthquakes. My heart goes out to the victimso families. -H.
Indiana url Hillary Rodham in 1976. Join her team: url url.
Before name 200K people with HIV IDS in poor countries got lifesaving anti-retroviral meds. Because of name 11.5M do now..
EpiPens can be the difference between life and death. There's no justification for these price hikes. url -H.
A message from Hillary to young women everywhere: url url.
It's HF Volunteer Day, and we're looking for 50,000 volunteers. Help us get thereifind your friends on Facebook: url.
"We're going to fight for the C so kids like Jude aren't ever turned away because of a pre-existing condition..
url.
"""No matter how daunting the odds, she neverieveriquits. That is the Hillary I know."" name.
url.
Look WHO DID come over for lunch... Wow. hashtag url.
Why would we give Trump's family a $4 billion tax cut when we could use that money to fix 8,000 bridges? url.
This fall, USPS will honor joyous Hindu Festival of hashtag with a Forever stamp! url url.
"The gender wage gap is even wider for women of color..
.
It's time to ensure equal pay. hashtag url.
David Dukeos show cheers Trump-Breitbart merger: uWe appear to have taken over the Republican Partyu url via name.
Disappointed that split 6th Cir. (2-1) OVEURNED restoration of Golden Week. Bad for voters. Bad for voting rights. url.
"What I want the people of Louisiana to know is thisiyouore not name in Baton Rouge: url hashtag.
Small businesses are the backbone of our economy. We should focus on supporting theminot stiffing them. url.
"Escuchamos claramente los comentarios de Trump demonizando a los inmigrantes la primera vez, la segunda, tercera....
url.
On average, it takes black women until today to catch up to white men's 2015 earnings. Time to close the pay gap. url.
When it comes to hashtag it's personal for name Lessons from her dad help inspire plan: url.
"We heard Trump's demonizing comments on immigrants loud and clear the first time. nd the second, third, fourth ....
url.
Tune in to watch Hillary on name 11:35 ET/10:35 CT. url.
Donald Trump's economic plan is rigged so rich people like him get tax cuts at the expense of everybody else. url.
You can't have the best military unless folks pay their fair share in taxes, Donald. url.
Have a beer with name in the second episode of With Her, the official campaign podcast. Listen here: url.
The stories behind some of the history-making women of name url url.
uIf I have the opportunity, Ioll do whatever I can to make things a little easier for you." iHillary to young women url.
Cheryl lost her husband in Iraq. Then Trump's company targeted her and scammed her out of $35,000. url.
In times of crisis, merica depends on steady leadership, clear thinking, and calm judgment. url.
Read more of name message to young women here: url url.
Michigan is on the front lines of a manufacturing renaissance. Hillary saw it herself at Futuramics in Warren. url.
Trump's new "King of Debt" tax shelter means negative tax rates - meaning taxpayers pay him for high-debt projects: url.
name takes the mic in the latest episode of With Her, the official campaign podcast. Subscribe &amp; listen here: url.
"One wrong move can be the difference between life and death when you're president..
url.
The best way to help Louisianans affected by terrible flooding is to make sure they have the resources they need: url.
"""Everything I say I'm going to do, folks, I do."" name.
.
Here's why that's a disaster for our economy: url.
This week, Donald Trump made a shockingly ignorant pitch to frican merican voters. url.
uHer mastery of issues and detail is unlike any politician Iove met." name editor-in-chief on Hillary url.
"Hillary met with Miami doctors to discuss the public health challenge of treating and preventing Zika..
url.
Donald Trump claims he surrounds himself with the greatest people. Check out his choice for campaign chief. url.
Congrats to Flint, Michigan's name on her second Olympic gold medal for name url.
Donald Trumpos new message to frican merican voters isnot just inaccurate. Itos outrageous. url.
"If you were president, how would you spend $4 billion?.

(One guess as to Trump's answer: url.
There is so much more that unites us than divides us. That's why we're the greatest country on Earth. url.
This lifelong Republican wrote a letter to his daughter about why he's voting for Hillary this November: url.
It's too late now to say sorry, Donald. url.
If you dream it, you should be able to build it. url url.
This choice is pretty straightforward. url url.
Donald Trump has shown us who he is. We should believe him. url.
Trumpos tax plan could give his own family a $4 billion tax break. Here's what we could do with that money instead: url.
"We don't win anymore." url.
Let's send Donald Trump a message in November: We're not going back. url.
"""I don't regret anything."" iDonald Trump, ugust 2, 2016.
url.
This week, Donald Trump suddenly tried to claim that he has some "regrets." bout that... url.
Trump says he hires the best people. This is what he means: url.
Trump painting the entire frican merican community as living in poverty with no jobs shows he's completely out of touch with us..
Trump questions the citizenship of the first black president, courts white supremacists, and has been sued for housing discrimination..
Donald Trump asks what the frican merican community has to lose by voting for him. The answer: everything..
There are no words. url.
This is so ignorant itos staggering. url.
When the IOC introduced women's wrestling in 2004, name dreamed of gold. Yesterday that dream came true. url.
When bombs rain down, they rush in. Inspired by the White Helmets &amp; others helping those in need worldwide. hashtag url.
So who exactly is advising Trump on foreign policy? url.
Today is name birthday! It's not too late to sign his card here: url.
"Why do Trump and Putin keep saying all the same things? (Hint: It's not Manafort.).
url.
The flooding in Louisiana is worse than anyone expected, and they need our support. Here's how you can help: url.
Clinton and Trump are confirmed to participate in a "Commander-in-chief" forum with name on name September 7th url.
45 years later, I couldnot be happier to have you by my side. Happy birthday, Bill! -H url.
Priorities. url url.
"I was honored to be a part of history at the DNC. Hillary Clinton is an inspiration for women everywhere..
url.
Hillaryos college plan will bring about a long-awaited transformation of higher education in merica. Here's how: url.
News from Miami Beach highlighting urgency of the Zika crisis, a public health emergency. Congress needs to act now. url.
Congrats to name name name and name on their historic podium sweep last night. url.
Glad to see that the Justice Department is ending the use of private prisons. This is the right step forward. -H url.
Even after the 19th was ratified, women of color battled to get to vote. hashtag had to take a literacy test. url.
Donald Trump wants to eliminate the estate tax. Doing so could save his family $4 billion and 99.8% of families $0. url.
"Donald Trump promised to release his tax returns if he ran for office..

Now? ""It's none of your business."".
url.
Hillary's first job was fighting for social justice at name one of the things I admire most about her url.
name sees only one person running for president who can do the job: Hillary Clinton." url.
Don't waste it. Make sure you're registered to vote: url url.
Donald Trump's plan: a multi-billion dollar tax cut for himself and the wealthiest mericans url.
We know that giving millionaires huge tax breaks doesn't help our economy. So why would we try it again, Donald? url.
Does Trump actually pay his fair share in taxes? Until he releases his tax returns, voters won't know for sure. url.
name is the best choice for president of the United States: url url.
t the 1988 Olympic games, Jackie Joyner-Kersee became the first woman to win gold in the long jump for name url.
Letos make sure it does on Election Day Ui url url.
Trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and fear, and he's got a new campaign chief to match. url.
Donald Trump just hired the head of an extreme, right-wing "news" url to run his campaign. url.
We can't let name become our next president. url url.
Trump boasts the support of some of the most extreme voices in politics. Now one of them runs his campaign: url.
"Hillary has concrete plans to help merica succeed..
.
Trump would...build a wall. url url.
With just 83 days until Election Day, Trump hired one of the most extreme right-wing voices to run his campaign. url.
Trumpos new campaign chief is also the guy responsible for running this fringe "news" site: url.
Donald Trump is still the same man who insults Gold Star families, demeans women, and mocks people with disabilities..
The Trump Loophole would let millionaires cut their tax rates in half and do nothing for 99.8% of mericans. url.
The choice on jobs in this election (itos not a hard one). url url.
If you do your job, youore supposed to be rewarded for your work, not stiffed. url.
Weove got to get the economy working for everybody, not just those at the top. Too many families are feeling financial stress..
Watch live: Hillaryos speaking in Cleveland about building an economy that works for everyone Ui url.
One candidate would help millions of hardworking mericans. The other would only help those at the top. url.
Today, name landed a spot in history as the first woman from name to win 4 golds. Well done, Simone! url.
If you were born between 1980 and 2002, Hillary has big plans to help you. url.
"Trump's idea for a new immigration test: ""Those who...support bigotry and hatred will not be admitted."".
.
wkward. url.
Closely monitoring the flooding in Louisiana &amp; Mississippi. The name is helping displaced families in need: url -H.
"""This man is totally, thoroughly unqualified to be president."" name on name.
url.
Last night, name won her 7th Olympic medal. Congrats to the most decorated woman in the history of name url.
Itos not just that Trump doesnot know what heos talking about when it comes to national security. His words are dangerous, and they hurt us..
Be a part of this: Get registered to vote, and ask everyone you know to register, too. url.
name is showing the world what this country stands for. I am proud of our team." iHillary in Philadelphia: url.
You should be able to learn a skill, practice a trade, and make a good living doing it. url.
"By harnessing your energy and ideas, we can solve many of the problems we face." i name url.
Trump's top adviser was designated $12.7 million from pro-Russia forces in Ukraine. That's the tip of the iceberg. url.
"Donald Trump says he'll create a new test for immigrants..
.
It's a test he'd fail..
url.
Both candidates have laid out economic plans. See how each would impact your state: url.
Vice President name had the keys to our Instagram today. Check it out: url url.
"The place of your birth should never be a barrier." A letter to young undocumented people on DC's anniversary: url.
uHe is a stunning ignoramus on foreign policy and national security.u url.
"The story of the Rodhams and the Bidens isn't unique. What's unique is the country where those stories were written..
url.
On the fourth anniversary of hashtag Juan remembers that "glass ceiling-shattering moment"Ui url.
We have some questions about Donald Trump's cozy relationship with Russia. url.
Whenever you hear Trump talk about foreign policy, picture him in the Situation Room making decisions for all of us. url.
You oppose reproductive rights, support "conversion therapy," and proposed a Muslim ban. url.
I bet Trump himself would fail his new immigration screening test of merican values. hashtag url.
In case you needed a reminder that Donald Trump doesnot know a thing about national security. url.
ICYMI: Donald Trump is against gay marriage. url.
"Trump's candidacy alone is undermining our national security..
.
Imagine if he were to become president. url.
"It is never, never, never ever been a good bet to bet against the United States of merica." -VP Biden.
uSheos strong. Sheos respected. Sheos admired. Thereos nothing that she doesnot understand about mericaos place in the world." name.
"Itos a recipe for playing into the hands of terrorists and their propaganda.u name on Trumpos foreign policy rhetoric.
"Trumpos ideas are not only profoundly wrong, theyore dangerous and theyore very un-merican.u name url.
"Donald Trump has no clue what it takes to lead this great country.u name.
uThis guy doesnot care about the middle class...he doesnot understand it. He doesnot have a clue.u name on Donald Trump.
uThereos only one person in this election who will...help you, and that is Hillary Clinton.u name.
"Everyone is entitled to be treated with dignity and respect... and merica can be defined in one single word i 'possibilities.'u -VP Biden.
"What Hillaryos all about is making sure every one of youcan look your child in the eye and sayeverything is gonna be ok.u name.
uNo one is more worthy than you, and everyone is your equal.u name.
"Home is where your character is stamped, where itos stamped into your soul. Where your values are set.u name.
us Scranton has always had my back, weiall of usiare going to have your back, Hillary.u name.
"Take out your phone and text JOIN to 47246..
.
Weore hiring url right here in Pennsylvania and across the country.".
Thereos no doubt about itiDonald Trump is temperamentally unfit and totally unqualified to be president of the United States..
" man you can bait with a tweet is not a man you can trust with nuclear weapons.u iHillary on name.
"Trump says he wonot tell anyone what heoll do about ISIS because he wants to keep his plan usecret.u.
.
Well, the secret is he has no plan.".
Providing a uTrump Kids Clubu for your paying customers is not the same thing as providing real child care for your workers..
Under Trump's child care plan, hardworking families that canot afford child care in the first place would get little to no real help..
Trump wants to eliminate the Estate Tax. It would save the Trump family $4 billion, but it would do nothing for 99.8% of mericans..
Trump's called for a new tax loopholeithe Trump Loophole. He'd pay less than half the current tax rate on income from many of his companies..
Donald Trump would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, and Wall Street money managers..
Weore going to make college debt-free for all and help millions of people struggling with existing student debt: url.
"Under name and name.
ui Our businesses created 15 million new jobs..
ui 20 million people have health care..
url.
No matter what Donald Trump says, merica is great, and the merican Dream is big enough for everyone to share in its promise..
"No matter where life takes me I always remember I am the granddaughter of a factory worker and the daughter of a small business owner.".
Joe is now leading a new Cancer Moonshot initiative to fund breakthroughs and save lives in honor of his son Beau. url.
Joe passionately believes in the basic bargain that makes merica greatithat our economy should work for everyoneinot just those at the top..
"No matter how far he travels, name never url where heos from." iHillary in Scranton url.
name hitting the trail with Hillary in Scranton, folks. Tune in now: url url.
Four years in, DC has helped more than 700,000 undocumented people to live without fear. Let's build on it: url.
If Donald Trump becomes president, he'll game merica's whole tax system to make himself richer. Seriously. url.
"Trump says, ""I know more about ISIS than the generals do, believe me."".
.
You know what? We don't..
url.
The senseless murders of Imam Maulama konjee and Thara Uddin are heartbreaking. This kind of heinous act has no place in merica. -H.
No family should have to spend more than 10% of its income on quality child care. url url.
Yesterday, name made Olympic history with her gold medal in women's shot put name first!). url.
Well said, Coach uriemma. Keep winning, name url.
59 million mericans get help from Social Security. On its 81st anniversary, let's recommit to protecting it. url.
This is what name would do to your state's economy. url.
Farmers and ranchers are central to our economy, energy &amp; food security. Our plan to help: url url.
The choice on jobs is pretty clear: See how your state would fare under Hillary vs. Trump. url.
We need to make sure every merican has high-speed internet access. nd we will: url url.
"Press play for a preview of the new campaign podcast With Her. Stream the full episode here: url.
url.
s track and field begins, we're honoring Wilma Rudolph: the first U.S. woman to win 3 track golds in one Olympics. url.
Just released my tax returns, name Where are yours? url.
Many people are saying Trump won't release his tax returns because he's hiding something. What do you think it is?.
Wonder what Trump's hiding in his tax returns? Tap through the reel to see some of the best guesses! url.
LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love and acceptanceinot bullying and violence. url.
 if you agree: Every student should learn computer science. url.
"We cannot succeed when half of us are held back. Education is the only solution."iMalala hashtag url.
Last night, U.S. Olympic swimmer name won gold and made history. url.
Housing discrimination cuts right to the heart of who we are as a society. We need to do all we can to fight it: url.
Here's a pretty incredible fact: There is a non-zero chance that Donald Trump isn't paying *any* taxes. url.
Here's why Donald Trump might be refusing to release his tax returns: url.
You can also listen to the first episode of With Her by streaming here: url.
"I'm doing a new podcast that will run through Election Day and name is my co-host.
 url.
ue Just launched: With Her, our official campaign podcast. Subscribe and listen to Episode 1: url.
"Why is name refusing to release his tax returns? Some ideas:.
url.
name at the White House, circa 2000. hashtag.
url.
Congrats on bringing home the gold and silver, Simone and ly. Weore all so proud of you! -H url.
"Trump wants merica to work for him and his friends..
.
We need to build an economy that works for everyone..
url.
The choice on climate change couldn't be more stark: url url.
It's not just a valueiit's a real plan. url url.
name hits the Trump Loophole - his backdoor tax break for billionaires like himself. Read about it here: url.
Letos go out and build the future. url.
"One of the reasons I asked Tim Kaine to be my running mate is that he...has a record of working across the aisle." url.
Strengthening unions doesnot just serve their membersiit leads to better pay, benefits, and working conditions for all employees..
"Trump wants to give trillions in tax breaks to people like himself..
.
Instead, letos invest in our veterans, kids, schools and police.".
The 400 richest taxpayers in merica would get an average tax cut of more than $15 million a year from the Trump loophole..
Trump wants to eliminate the estate tax. What that would mean: his family gets a $4 billion tax cut. 99.8% of mericans get nothing..
Trump would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, and Wall Street money managers. url.
Multi-millionaires should not be able to pay a lower tax rate than their secretaries: url.
Every employee, from the CEO suite to the factory floor, contributes to a businesso success, so everybody should share in the rewards..
"One positive thing Trump could do to make merica great again?.
.
ctually make great things in merica: url.
"If name was as fearful as Trump, Michael Phelps and Simone Biles would be cowering in the locker room..
.
merica isnot afraid to compete.".
Trump may talk a big game on trade, but his approach is based on fear, not strengthifear that we canot compete with the rest of the world..
"s president, I will stand up to China and anyone else who tries to take advantage of merican workers and companies." iHillary.
Weore going to invest in union training programs and apprenticeship programs so you can earn while you learn: url.
A four-year degree shouldnot be the only path to a good job. You should be able to learn a skill, practice a trade, and make a good living..
Itos not right that Donald Trump can ignore his debts, but students and families canot refinance theirs..
Letos fight to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for everyone: url.
The people taking care of our children and our parents deserve a good wage, good benefits, and a secure retirement..
Donald Trump has spent his whole career stiffing small businesses. url.
Weore going to invest $10 billion in uMake it in mericau partnerships to support merican manufacturing: url.
"Some country is going to be the clean energy superpower of the 21st century and create millions of jobs...I want it to be us." iHillary.
Starting on day one, we will work with both parties to pass the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II..
One of the many stark choices we face in this election. url.
Every merican willing to work hard should be able to find a job that provides dignity, pride, and decent pay that can support a family..
We are resilient, determined, and hard-working. Thereos nothing merica canot do if we do it together..
"When Trump visited Detroit on Monday he talked only of failure, poverty, and crime..
.
Heos missing so much about what makes Michigan great.".
Hillary is speaking live from Detroit on the economy. Donot miss it. Tune in now: url.
nyone willing to sink so low, so often should never be allowed to serve as our Commander-in-Chief..
No, Barack Obama is not the founder of ISIS..
It can be difficult to muster outrage as frequently as Donald Trump should cause it, but his smear against President Obama requires it..
Donald Trumpos tax plan mostly helps...Donald Trump. nd people like him at the top. url.
1979. url.
Unlike Donald Trump's, our campaign is about issuesinot insults. url url.
My heart breaks for the family of the officer killed in rkansas today. Grateful for his service to his community. -H.
"Our kids see the president as a role model. How will they see Donald Trump?.
url.
Who benefits from Donald Trump's "new" economic plan? Rich people like Donald Trump. url.
Young people face tough challenges, but they have the ability to do something about it: Vote. url.
We're also going to make sure future generations inherit a cleaner planetiand create millions of jobs along the way. url.
Let's make it easier for young people to start businesses and fulfill their dreams. url url.
nd, unlike name we're gonna make it easier for people who *aren't* celebrities to get apprenticeships. url.
Young mericans have the most to gain from Hillary's economic planiand the most to lose under Trump's policies. url.
When you dig deeper, you see that young people of color have faced even greater challenges. That has to change. url.
Young people were among the hardest hit during the great recessioniand the effects still linger. url.
Imagine how you'll feel the day after the election if we haven't joined together to chart a course of optimism. url.
"I am humbled and moved by the Republicans who are willing to stand up and say that Donald Trump does not represent their values.u iHillary.
Donald Trump has spent his career stiffing small businesses, refusing to pay them what theyore owed. url.
uWhen they have student debt, weoll put a three year moratory on that so they can start their own name.
We can be the clean energy superpower of the 21st Century. url.
We are living off of the infrastructure built by our parents and grandparents. Itos overdue for upgrades: url.
Weore going to make the biggest investment in good-paying jobs since World War II: url.
Hillary's talking about the economy in Des Moines. Tune in now to watch: url.
"If you're a millionaire, you'll do great under Trump's economic plan. Everyone else? Well....
.
Take a look: url.
"The time has come for Republicans...to repudiate Mr. Trump once and for all." name url.
David's letter to his daughter about why he can't support Donald Trump really hits home. url.
"Our kids are watching, Donald..
url.
name might astound mericans on a routine basis, but we must draw a line between political speech &amp; suggestions of violence..
"Welcome back, Madame Secretary..
.
Hillary heads back to Des Moines this Wednesday. RSVP: url url.
" person seeking to be the President of the United States should not suggest violence in any way." url.
Hereos the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it. url.
How can we prevent the spread of Zika in the U.S.? Hillary and name respond on name url url.
"Donald Trump's economic plan is a bad deal for working familiesiand a big tax cut for Donald Trump..
url.
"Trump's trickle-down economic plan: big giveaways for those at the top at the expense of everyone else..
url.
Thank you to the more than 2 million people who have donated to this campaign. Chip in now to join them: url.
50 GOP officials sign a letter declaring that Trump uwould be the most reckless president in merican historyu url.
Presidential &amp; VP candidates name &amp; name are now answering in their Session! url url.
Even name childcare plan gives billionaires w/ a nanny a tax break while millions of low-income households get nothing..
name econ plan was written by rich corporate insider advisors to make the economy even greater for rich corporate insiders..
Last night, swimmer name won gold and broke her own world record in the 400m freestyle. Congrats, Katie! url.
Just imagine Donald Trump in the Oval Office facing a real crisis. We canot afford that kind of risk..
Donald Trump is not only putting our national security at riskiheos putting our economy at risk. url.
Weore going to make sure the wealthy pay their fair share in taxes for a change: url.
Donald Trump's plan is just a repackaging of trickle-down economicsiand it doesnot help our economy or the vast majority of mericans..
"We've got to stand up against climate deniers..
.
There isn't a problem we can't solve if we put our minds to it: url.
Watch live as Hillary stops in St. Petersburg, Florida, for a campaign rally on the choice we face on the economy: url.
nswer by name on her plans for her first 100 days in office if elected url url.
Here's what people with actual "tremendous business success" say about Donald Trump. url.
name has an economic plan...to cut the pay of hardworking UW members. url hashtag.
Creating jobs i it's what Democrats do. In 3 months, let's elect another one: url url.
t a time of massive income and wealth inequality, it is absurd to provide huge tax breaks to the very rich..
"Clintonos economic policies...will result in a stronger U.S. economy.u iMark Zandi, John McCain's economic advisor url.
Today's bombing of a hospital in Pakistan is despicable. We have to stand up against terror and come together to prevent these attacks. -H.
In Rio, Olympic fencer Ibtihaj Muhammad became the first merican Muslim athlete to compete while wearing a hijab. url.
When you're comparing Hillary's and Trump's economic plans, there are two numbers you need to know. url.
"I don't know another businessman that brags about his bankruptcies." name on Trump: url.
"Donald Trump's economic plan:.
1. Lower wages.
2. Fewer jobs.
3. More debt.
4. Tax breaks for the 0.1%.
url.
WTCH: This special 360 degree video allows you to experience the magic of the name balloon drop: url.
"""She doesn't just see one merica. She sees all of merica &amp; knows that we need all of us."" name on Hillary.
url.
We have some questions about name cozy relationship with Russia. url.
"In merica, if you can dream it, you should be able to build it..
url.
We're live on Facebook giving a demo of our Hillary for merica mobile app. Tune in to get an inside look: url.
The NR is based in Virginia, but that's never stopped name from leading the fight to reduce gun violence. url.
No one wants to earn a Purple Heart. But to those who did, you have merica's unending gratitude and admiration. Thank you. hashtag.
Donald Trump's no good, horrible, very bad week. url.
Laurie Hernandez is the first U.S.-born Latina on the Olympic gymnastics team since '84. Good luck! hashtag url.
Proud to celebrate Nat. Purple Heart Day today. Thank you to my fellow vets &amp; service members for your sacrifice. url.
In honor of our Weekend of ction, read why Jasmine Smalls name is a proud member of Team hashtag url.
"She will deliver on the most important duty of a presidentikeeping our nation safe." iMichael Morell on Hillary url.
Three-time world all-around champion name is set to make history at the Olympics. Good luck, Simone! url.
uOn the issues, thereos no comparison in terms of thoughtfulness, thoroughness, and practicality." name url.
"So proud of you, Karla..
url.
hashtag name.
.
Trump's peer reviews are dismal: url.
45 reasons why Trump should never be presidentijust from this week alone. url.
Seriously, what is going on with Trump and Russia? url.
This is what I saw while photographing name name and more at the hashtag url.
The right to vote is at the heart of our democracy, and a weakened VR threatens that right for too many. It's time to hashtag.
Why the name is urging voters to support Hillary in the ustarkest political choice in living memoryu: url.
Why do Trumpos foreign policy ideas read like a Putin wish list? url.
Four years ago today. url.
 so yeah, it's been quite a week for Donald Trump. url.
Here's the story behind our campaign's first braille button: url.
Deeply concerned by raid on hashtag Many detained, incl. name LGBT citizens deserve protection. url.
merica is stronger when we expand access to the ballot box, not restrict it. It's time to hashtag url.
Four gold medals and counting: Today, name hits the court in Rio to add to her collection. url.
t the Paris 1900 games, golfer Margaret bbott became the first merican woman to win an Olympic gold medal. url.
Ready for the opening ceremony. U.S.! U.S.! url.
"Trump just said he udoesnot throw babies outu of his rallies....
.
Letos review the record..
url.
"We have never had a candidate that was more qualified to take the office of president." name on Hillary url.
merica is going to see what VP Biden already knows i just how much name cares about our country. url.
"This week, Trump attacked a fallen soldier's family, called Hillary ""the devil,"" and criticized a crying baby..
url.
Stronger Together comes out in Septia book on Hillary's policy plans and vision for merica: url url.
"Republicans agree: We can't give Donald Trump control of our nuclear codes..
url.
"We have to reject and stand up against the appeals to the kind of bigotry...that we see from Trumpos campaign." iHillary hashtag.
ual dice que no se puede confiar en un distinguido juez porque tiene herencia mexicanauiHillary sobre Trump..
We launched an all-Spanish Twitter account, name because we believe in bringing as many people as possible into this conversation..
uI believe with all my heart that merica is better than this. merica is better than Donald Trump.u iHillary.
"Trump retweets white nationalists..
He talks about banning Muslims..
nd yes, he talks about curtailing press freedom as well.".
Trump is harkening back to the most shameful chapters of our history and appealing to the ugliest impulses of our society..
Itos past time for comprehensive immigration reform, and weore going to do everything we can to get it done: url.
Weove got to help every family afford the books, computers, and internet access that our kids need to learn in the 21st century..
Rosa Parks opened up every seat on the bus. Now weove got to expand economic opportunity so everyone can afford the fare..
The Great Recession hit our whole country hard, but the toll was especially hard on black and Latino families..
Tune in to watch Hillary speak live with the name and the name url.
"Trump is not only unqualified for the job, but he may well pose a threat to our national security." iMichael Morell url.
Good news: Our businesses have added 15 million jobs over the past 77 months Ui url url.
Our first-ever gold medal-winning women's gymnastics team: the Magnificent Seven. url.
"We don't know why Trump and Putin praise each other so much and share many foreign policies..
.
We'll let you guess..
url.
"Watch an exclusive interview with name backstage at the Democratic Convention..
url.
None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community, or lift a country alone. It takes a village. url.
We know a guy with a binder, name (He might not take your calls, though.) url.
Obama on whether Trump could be trusted with US nuclear weapons: "Make your own judgment" url url.
Obama: "I obviously have very strong opinions about the two candidates running. One is very positive. The other one is not so much.".
Wish name a happy birthday. Sign his card: url.
"You saw the Democratic Convention..
.
Now, watch the never-before-seen footage from backstage:.
url.
"If you're not registered, and you're eligible as an merican citizen, please go sign up." iHillary in Nevada: url.
nyone who you can provoke with a tweet should not be anywhere near nuclear weapons: url.
Donald Trump is not qualified to be president, and he is temperamentally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief..
"We're going to work to make the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II" iHillary url.
Every week, name hits a new low. url.
Most of Trump's merchandise is MDE IN (just about everywhere except) THE US. url.
"Thatos what 21st century feminism is about: The idea that when everybody is equal, we are all more free." name url.
What our economy needs: The largest investment in creating good-paying jobs since World War II. url.
Happy birthday, name url.
The name almost always backs the GOP nominee for president. Hereos why they endorsed Hillary in 2016: url.
We have the most productive and competitive workers in the world. We just need to give them a chance to succeed. url.
"I will take on the gun lobby for commonsense gun safety reform.u iHillary: url.
We are setting a goal to register 3 million more merican citizens to vote: url.
s president I will defend and protect mericaos public lands. url.
nyone who can be provoked by a tweet shouldnot be anywhere near nuclear weapons..
"There is no doubt in my mind that Donald Trump is unqualified and unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.u iHillary.
"The RNC showed a negative, pessimistic view of merica: That is not who we are..
.
Do we have challenges? Sure. Can we meet them? bsolutely!".
"We gotta make this economy work for everybody, not just those at the top.u iHillary url.
"I was Capt. Khanos commander in Iraq. The Khan family is our family." url via name.
Trump: "I love war, in a certain way." url.
Trump thinks it's too hard to make his products in merica, so we went and found 100 US manufacturers he could use. url.
"Donald Trump's message to workers: You're fired..
url.
"Making our economy work for everyone starts by making sure those at the top pay their fair share in taxes..
url.
"If Trump is serious about ""making merica great again,"" he should start by making his products in merica..
url.
"Lincoln: ""War, at its best, is terrible."".
Trump: ""I love war."".
.
How Trump's words compare to former presidents': url.
22 memorable moments from the Democratic Convention that you probably missed: url url.
Just 98 days until Election Day. Here are 98 things that depend on the choice we make on November 8: url.
name this is how one usually looks when you are awarded the Purple Heart. Nothing easy about it. url.
n important step forward on pay equity in Massachusetts. Women deserve equal pay across our nation. url.
No, this seriously happened... url.
First Trump attacked the Hotel Roanoke. Then a Gold Star V family. Today, he kicked a baby out of a V rally. Virginia is not for haters!.
"Under Trump, our economy would lose 3.5 million jobs..
.
Hillary's plan would create 10.4 millioniin one term alone. url.
ll Kauveri wanted for her seventh birthday was to meet Hillary (and a Star Wars Lego set). She got both! url.
President Obama strongly rebukes Donald Trump: He is "unfit to serve as president" url url.
This from a man who says heos usacrificedu for our country. url.
"The hashtag painted a bright picture of mericaifilled with diversity, love &amp; hope..
.
The RNC was...different. url.
12 moments from the past week that will make you proud to be a Democrat: url.
Wonderful: Men at hashtag describe what electing a woman president means to them url hashtag.
name when someone puts in the work, you are supposed to pay them..
url.
A former McCain advisor says Hillary's policies "will result in a stronger U.S. economy under almost any scenario." url.
"Barack, Michelle, Joe, Bernie, Elizabeth, Bill, Tim, Hillary, and more: Watch the best moments from the DNC..
url.
Road trip: Tag along on Hillary and name bus tour through Ohio and Pennsylvania Ui url url.
"Trump wants to be our Commander-in-Chief. Here's how he's treated veterans thus far:.
url.
JUST IN: World's 4th richest person, Warren Buffett, challenges Trump to release his taxes. "I'm under audit too." url.
"Cheryl's husband died serving our country..
.
Trump's company scammed her out of money she needed for her family. url.
name responds to name attack over the weekend. name name name url.
Hello, Virginia! fter an exciting week on the trail with name I'm so happy to be home. -TK.
"Why not carrier pigeons, name.
url.
"No oneino oneihas given more for our freedom and security than our Gold Star families." name at name url.
17 Gold Star families write to Trump: uOurs is a sacrifice you will never know.u (via name url.
name brought the house down..
A Muslim family reminded us what merica is about..
We shattered a glass ceiling. url.
Kind of assumed Trump's approach would be more  if by land, like if by sea. url.
Watch backstage as Hillary, name and their families listen to the benediction to close out the DNC. url.
"Meet another Gold Star family with some personal perspective on Donald Trump:.
url.
Your courage is inspiring, Mrs. Khaniand youore right. url.
"Do all the good we can, in all the ways we can, in all the places we can, for all the people we can..
url.
The name endorsed name in 2012. Here's why they're endorsing Hillary in 2016: url.
Road trip. url.
Heos also made clear heos fully committed to Hillary's policy agenda, which he understands includes repeal of Hyde. url.
She is a Gold Star mother, she is Muslim, and she has some words for Donald Trump. url url.
Thank you, name url.
Hillary is "guided by the sacrifice" of those that give their life to this country. Trump denigrates their families url.
Sarah McBride, the first trans person to speak at a party convention: "Despite our progress, so much work remains." url.
"Their paths may vary, but their call is the same. Meet the women of the U.S. Senate:.
url.
There's only one way to talk about Gold Star parents: with honor and respect. Capt. Khan is a hero. Together, we should pray for his family..
" night to remember..
url.
The merican people have always made this country great. url.
Captain Khan and his family represent the best of merica, and we salute them. url.
"Our Commander-in-Chief shouldnot insult and deride our generals, retired or otherwise..
.
That really should go without saying.".
"Donald Trump says he wants to ""make merica great again."".
.
Well, he could start by actually making things in merica.".
We're going to make the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II: url.
uDonald Trump spoke for 75 minutes and offered zero solutions.u iHillary on Trumpos convention speech: url.
uI donot think President Obama &amp; Vice President Biden get the credit they deserve for saving the merican economy.u url.
"mericans donot say: uI alone can fix it.u.
.
We say: uOk, how are we going to fix this together?u".
"Donot believe anyone who says uI alone can fix it.u.
.
Those were actually Donald Trumpos words at the Republican convention in Cleveland.".
We have the most productive workers in the world. We just need to give our people a chance to succeed: url.
"On Thursday, I was incredibly grateful and humbled to accept the Democratic Partyos nomination." iHillary.
Listen in from Johnstown, P as Hillary and name discuss innovation and manufacturing: url.
Incredibly proud of Hillary and so happy to join her and Tim on the trail this week. url.
Get live updates from Hillary and name bus tour Ui url url.
Today in 1965, Pres Johnson signed Medicare &amp; Medicaid into law. We must protect &amp; strengthen these critical programs. That's why hashtag.
When any barrier falls in merica, it clears the way for everyone. url.
Watch: hashtag asks Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan to repudiate Trump. Tune in to name for the interview url.
"If you want to see the best of merica, you need look no further than the example set by rmy Captain Humayun Khan..
url.
Hillary accepted the Democratic nomination for president on Thursday. (There were balloons.) url url.
"Donald Trump has painted a dark, divisive picture of merica. We have 102 days to stop him from becoming president..
url.
Headlines for the history books. url.
With the first local transmission of Zika in FL, itos even more critical for Republicans to stop blocking action: url.
Big victory for democracy as the 4th Circuit just struck down a NC voter discrimination law. Letos keep fighting to make voting easier. -H.
"Capt. Khan embodied the best of our values when his actions saved his unit. Last night, his parents told his story:.
url.
uContrary to Donald Trump, I believe every time we knock down a barrier in merica, it liberates everyone in merica.u iHillary.
"We've got to make this economy work for everyone, not just those at the top." iHillary: url.
"Our Founders came together to create one nation because they knew what we know: We are stronger together." iHillary.
"us of tomorrow, we have 100 days to make our case to merica..
.
So what better place to kick off this campaign than where it all started?""".
"""This has been such an exciting...week!.
.
We heard the man from Hope, Bill Clinton &amp; the man of hope, Barack Obama."" url.
Hillary &amp; name take the stage in Philadelphia at their first campaign rally as the official Democratic ticket: url.
We share this basic belief: Do all the good you can and serve one another. That's what this election is about. url.
"""Letos look to the future with courage and confidence..
.
Letos build a better tomorrow for our beloved children."" url.
The next presidentiand her husband. url.
Let's go win this, together. url.
Thank you. url.
Great speech. She's tested. She's ready. She never quits. That's why Hillary should be our next name (She'll get the Twitter handle, too).
In merica, weore always stronger together. url.
"""Yes, the world is watching what we do..
Yes, merica's destiny is ours to choose..
So let's be stronger together my fellow mericans!""".
"We lost our mother a few years ago but I miss her every day. nd I still hear her voice urging me to keep working, keep fighting for right".
"She never let me back down from any challenge...she was right. You have to stand up to bullies." iHillary on advice from her mom, Dorothy.
Every generation of mericans has come together to make our country freer, fairer, and stronger. None of uscan do it alone.u iHillary.
uEnough with the bigotry and bombast. Donald Trump's not offering real change, heos offering empty promises.u iHillary.
uHere's the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.u iHillary.
Letos put ourselves in the shoes of young black &amp; Latino people who face the effects of systemic racism and feel their lives are disposable..
"I refuse to believe we can't find common ground here. We have to heal the divides in our country.u iHillary url.
"We need to start listening to each other..
Hearing each other..
Walking in each otheros shoes.".
"I'm not here to take away your guns. I just don't want you to be shot by someone who shouldn't have a gun in the first place.u iHillary.
"If weore serious about keeping our country safe, we also canot afford to have a president whoos in the pocket of the gun lobby." iHillary.
" man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons." iHillary.
"Donald Trump can't even handle the rough-and-tumble of a presidential campaign...Imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis.".
" president should respect the men and women who risk their lives to serve our country." iHillary.
"""Donald Trump says, and this is a quote, 'I know more about ISIS than the generals do.'.
.
No, Donald, you don't.u iHillary".
"I'm proud that we shaped a global climate agreement. Now we have to hold every country accountable to their commitments" iHillary.
"Keeping our nation safe and honoring the people who do that work will be my highest priority.u iHillary.
"Donald Trump says he wants to make merica great againiwell, he could start by actually making things in merica again." iHillary.
"Please explain to me what part of merica First leads him to make Trump ties in China, not Colorado. Trump suits in Mexico, not Michigan.".
"Remember what the president said last night: Donot boo, vote!u iHillary: url.
"In tlantic Cityyou will find contractors and small businesses who lost everything because Donald Trump refused to pay his bills" iHillary.
"If you believe that every man, woman &amp; child in merica has the right to affordable health care, join us!u iHillary url.
"If fighting for affordable child care and paid family leave is playing the woman card, then deal me in!u iHillary url.
uWay too many dreams die in the parking lots of banks. In merica, if you can dream it, you should be able to do it.u iHillary.
"Bernie Sanders and I will work together to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for all." iHillary.
uIf you believe that your working mother, wife, sister, or daughter deserve equal pay, join us!u iHillary.
"If you believe we should expand Social Security and protect a woman's right to make her own heath care decisions, join us!u iHillary.
"If you believe that companies should share profits with their workers, not pad executive bonuses, join us." iHillary.
"Comprehensive immigration reform will grow our economy and keep families together, and itos the right thing to do." iHillary.
"When we have millions of hardworking immigrants contributing to our economy, it would be self-defeating and inhumane to kick them out.".
"I believe that climate change is real and that we can save our planet while creating millions of good-paying clean energy jobs." iHillary.
"Itos wrong to take tax breaks with one hand and give out pink slips with the other." iHillary.
uWe'll pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United!u iHillary.
uWith your help, I will carry all of your voices with us to the White House!u iHillary url.
"I believe that our economy isn't working the way it should because our democracy isn't working the way it should." iHillary.
"My primary mission as president will be to create more opportunity and more good jobs with rising wages right here in the United States.".
uDemocrats, we are the party of working people.u iHillary.
"When any barrier falls in merica, for anyone, it clears the way for everyone...when there are no ceilings, the skyos the limit." iHillary.
"Weove reached a milestone...the first time that a major party has nominated a woman for president." iHillary url.
"I will be a president for Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. For the struggling, the striving and the successfulfor all mericans.".
"Itos true: I sweat the details of policy...because itos not just a detail if itos your kid, if itos your family. Itos a big deal.".
"Simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws." iHillary.
"No one gets through life alone. We have to look out for each other and lift each other up." iHillary.
"I accept your nomination for president of the United States!u iHillary url.
"Through all these years of public service, the 'service' part has always come easier to me than the 'public' part." iHillary.
"It is with humility, determination, and boundless confidence in mericaos promise that I accept your nomination for president!" iHillary.
"'Stronger Togethero is...not just a slogan for our campaign. Itos a guiding principle for the country weove always been." iHillary.
"None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community or lift a country totally alone.u iHillary hashtag.
"mericans donot say, 'I alone can fix it.' They say, oWeoll fix it together!ou iHillary.
"Donot believe anyone who says 'I alone can fix it.o Yes, those were actually Donald Trumpos words in Cleveland." iHillary.
"Donot let anyone tell you that our country is weakiweore not..
.
Donot let anyone tell you we donot have what it takesiwe do.".
"We have the most dynamic and diverse people in the world. We have the most tolerant and generous young people we've ever had." iHillary.
"We will not ban a religioniwe will work with all mericans and our allies to fight and defeat terrorism." iHillary.
"We will not build a walliinstead, we will build an economy where everyone who wants a good job can get one." iHillary.
"FDR came up with the perfect rebuke to Donald Trump more than 80 years ago:.
.
uThe only thing we have to fear is fear itself.u".
"He's taken the Republican Party a long way, from 'Morning in mericao to 'Midnight in merica.ou iHillary on Trump.
"We heard Donald Trumpos answer last week at his convention. He wants to divide us...He wants us to fear the future and fear each other.".
uWe have to decide whether weore going to work together so we can all rise together.u iHillary.
"Our Founders embraced the enduring truth that we are stronger together.u iHillary.
name youove put economic and social justice issues front and center where they belong.u iHillary url.
"To all of your supporters here and around the country: I want you to know, I've heard you." iHillary on name.
"I want to thank Bernie Sanders. Bernie, your campaign inspired millions of mericans.u iHillary.
"For those of you out there who are just getting to know name make the whole country proud as our vice president." iHillary.
"We heard name He spoke from his big heart about our partyos commitment to working people." iHillary url.
"merica is stronger because of President Obama's leadership, and I am better because of his friendship." iHillary url.
"uWe heard the man from Hope, Bill Clinton..
.
nd the man of hope, Barack Obama.u iHillary url.
"Bill, that conversation we started in the law library 45 years ago, it is still going strong.u iHillary.
"Chelsea, thank you. I am so proud to be your mother and so proud of the woman youove become." iHillary.
"Regardless of what was happening in her life, she was always, always there for me.u name url.
"Mom, Grandma would be so, so proud of you tonight.u name.
uThis November, Iom voting for a womanwho knows womenos rights are human rightshere at home and around the world.u name.
"People ask me all the time: How does she do it?Hereos how: Itos because she never, ever url who sheos fighting for.u name.
"She always feels like there isnot a moment to lose because she knows that for that mother, for that family, there isnot.u name.
So proud. url.
"Iom here as a proud merican, a proud Democrat, a proud mother, and tonight, in particular, a very, very proud daughter.u name.
Getting ready. url.
"That's rightiI love Hillary too." name url.
bout to head out and accept your nomination for president. Iom so grateful to everyone who made this moment possible. -H.
Get the latest from the hashtag floor before Hillary takes the stage: url.
Watch live: Get an exclusive look at the name before Hillary officially accepts the nomination Ui url.
"Some issues are not left vs. right or liberal vs. conservative, they are right vs. wrong." iRev. William Barber url.
"When Flint's water poisons its children, it hurts all of us. These are our children." name url.
" night we'll never url.
url.
"That's a bunch of malarkey!" name holding exactly nothing back last night. url.
"I'm living through history, and my mom and my grandma are finally getting to see it as well." iEbony, 21, NC url.
"It's all happening. Tune in for an exclusive look at the hashtag as Hillary officially accepts the nomination..
url.
uHer words gave me strength during one of the toughest tests of my life.u name on Hillary url.
"You better listen to name i name won't stay throwed. hashtag.
url.
ul igual que Hillary... he luchado toda mi vida por los derechos humanos, mujeres, trabajadoresu name url.
Thanks to all who watched and all who fight for LGBT rights. Here are my hashtag remarks! hashtag url.
It was the honor of my life to accept the Democratic nomination for vice president. I won't let you down. url.
Watch Michael Bloomberg sum up a whole lot about that's wrong with Donald Trump in less than a minute: url.
"No matter how daunting the odds; no matter how much people try to knock her down, she never, ever quits." name url.
Ready to pass the baton. url.
On day three, the hashtag officially welcomed name to the ticketiand name brought down the house: url.
"""I ask you to do for Hillary Clinton what you did for me..
.
I ask you to carry her the same way you carried me.u url.
"To: name.
From: ll of us url.
We love you back, name url.
"""Thank you for this incredible journey..
Letos keep it going..
God bless the United States of merica!"" name url.
"Iom asking you to join me, to reject cynicism...to summon whatos best in us; to elect Hillary Clinton as the next presidentu name.
"merica, you have vindicated that hope these past eight years. nd now Iom ready to pass the baton.u name.
uYouore who I was talking about twelve years ago, when I talked about hope.u name.
"Tonight, I ask you to do for Hillary Clinton what you did for me. I ask you to carry her the same way you carried me.u name.
"We donot fear the future; we shape it, we embrace it, as one people, stronger together than we are on our own.u name.
uDemocracy isnot a spectator sport. merica isnot about 'yes he will.' Itos about 'yes we can.ou name.
"""Hillary Clinton is that woman in the arena..
.
Sheos been there for us, even if we havenot always noticed."" name.
"There has never been a man or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president." name url.
"We all need to get out and vote for Democrats up and down the ticket, and then hold them accountable until they get the job done.u name.
"Democracy works, merica, but we gotta want itinot just during an election year, but all the days in between.u name.
uThe merican Dream is something no wall will ever contain.u name.
"She knows that for progress to happen, we have to listen to each other, and see ourselves in each other.u name on Hillary.
"merica has never been about what one person says heoll do for us. Itos always been about what can be achieved by us, together.u name.
"""Thatos who we are..
Thatos our birthright..
The capacity to shape our own destiny."".
name.
"""Ronald Reagan called merica 'a shining city on a hill.'.
.
Donald Trump calls it 'a divided crime scene' that only he can fix.'"" name.
"merica is already great. merica is already strong &amp; I promise you, our strength, our greatness, does not depend on Donald Trump.u name.
"Meanwhile, Donald Trump calls our military a disasterhe suggests merica is weak.u name.
"She is fit and she is ready to be the next Commander-in-Chief.u name on Hillary.
"I know Hillary wonot relent until ISIL is destroyed.u name.
"Hillary Clinton is respected around the world, not just by leaders, but by the people they serve.u name.
uThen thereos Donald Trump. Heos not really a plans guy, not really a facts guy either.u name.
"Don't boo, vote!u name url.
uTim Kaine is as good a man, as humble and committed a public servant, as anyone I know. He will be a great vice president.u name.
uThere has never been a man or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president of the United States of merica.u name.
"""No matter how daunting the odds..
No matter how much people try to knock her down..
She never, ever quits."".
name on Hillary".
uShe sat with me in the Situation Room and forcefully argued in favor of the mission that took out Osama bin Ladenu name on Hillary.
uNothing truly prepares you for the demands of the Oval Officebut Hillaryos been in the room; sheos been part of those decisions.u name.
uShe was doing everything I was, but just like Ginger Rogers, it was backwards in heels.u name on the 2008 election.
u leader with real plans to break down barriers,...the next president of the United States Hillary Clinton.u name.
"What I see is mericans of every party, every background, every faith who believe that we are stronger together.u name.
us Iove traveled this countrywhat Iove also seen, more than anything, is what is right with merica.u name.
"The merica I know is full of courage, and optimism, and ingenuity. The merica I know is decent and generous.u name.
uWhat we heard was a deeply pessimistic vision of a country where we turn against each other.u name on last weekos GOP convention.
uThis is not your typical electionthis is a more fundamental choice about...whether we stay true to this great merican experimentu name.
"Weore not done perfecting our union or living up to our founding creedithat all of us are created equal.u name.
uWe still have more work to do. More work to do for every merican still in need of a good job or a raise.u name.
uBy so many measures, our country is stronger and more prosperous than it was when we started.u name.
umerica learned that love has no limits, and marriage equality is now a reality across the land.u name.
"We brought more of our troops home to their families, and we delivered justice to Osama bin Laden." name.
"fter a century of trying, we declared that health care in merica is not a privilege for a few. It is a right for everybody.u name.
"I stand before you again tonight, after almost two terms as your president, to tell you I am even more optimistic about the future" name.
"I was so young that first time in Boston...maybe a little nervous addressing such a big crowd, but I was filled with faith.u name.
"Twelve years ago tonight, I addressed this convention for the very first time." name.
Fired up, ready to go! url.
"""Hillary is ready..
Ready to fight..
Ready to win..
Ready to lead."".
name url.
"Folks, you cannot believe one word that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth.u name url.
Hillary's ready because of her heart. She's ready because of her experience. She's ready because she knows we're stronger together..
"We better elect the candidate who's proven she can be trusted with the job. The candidate whoos proven sheos ready for the job." iTim.
"Folks, you cannot believe one word that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth.".
"Thousands of Trump University students believed Donald Trump when he said he would help them succeed..
.
They all got stiffed.".
"""Hillary has a passion for kids and families. Donald Trump has a passion, too..
.
It's himself!"" name url.
Remember Karla, the little girl we heard from on Monday who feared her parents would be deported? She trusts Hillary to keep them together..
"Republican senators...once they've made sure nobody is listening, will tell you how fantastic a senator that Hillary Clinton was.u iTim.
uI had to steer my state through the deepest recession since the 1930s, but hey, tough times don't lastitough people do.u iTim.
"prend= los valores del pueblo: fe, familia y trabajo. Los mismos valores de la comunidad latina aqu= en nuestro name en espaol.
"If any of you are looking for that Party of Lincoln, we've got a home for you right here in the Democratic Party!" iTim.
"I took a year off law school to volunteer with Jesuit missionaries in Honduras. I taught kids welding &amp; carpentry." url.
"I humbly accept my party's nomination to be vice president of the United States!" iTim url.
"I want to thank my beautiful wife nne and my three wonderful children: Nat, Woody and nnella." iTim url.
"The richest thing about Donald Trump is his hypocrisy." name url.
"Hillary Clinton understands that this is not reality television, this is reality!" name.
"The bottom line is Trump is a risky, reckless, and radical choice, and we can't afford to make that choice." name.
"""Trump says he wants to run the nation like heos run his business..
.
God help us!"" name.
"I believe we need a president who is a problem solver, not a bomb thrower." name.
"I built a business, and I didnot start it with a $1 million check from my father.u name on Donald Trump.
"We must unite around the candidate who can defeat a dangerous demagogue." name on the stakes in this race.
"I believe it is an imperative that we elect Hillary Clinton as the next President of the United States.u name.
"uHe says he cares about the middle class? Give me a break..
.
Thatos a bunch of malarkey!"" name on Donald Trump url.
"We do not scare easily. We never bow. We never bend. We never break when confronted with crisis.u name.
u man who seeks to sow division in merica for his own gainwe simply cannot let that happen as mericansiperiod.u name on Trump.
"No major party nominee in the history of this nation has known less or been less prepared to deal with...national security" iBiden on Trump.
"Trump ""doesnot have a clue about the middle class.
uHe has no clue about what makes merica great..
ctually, he has no clueiperiod."" iBiden".
"uHe says he cares about the middle class?.
Give me a break..
.
Thatos a bunch of malarkey."" name on Donald Trump".
"His lack of empathy and compassion can be summed up in the phraseheos proud he made famousi'youore fired.'" name on Donald Trump.
"Thereos only one person in this race who will be there, whoos always been therethatos Hillary Clinton's lifeos story" name.
"We all understand what it will mean for our daughters and granddaughters when Hillary Clinton walks into the Oval Office." name.
"Hillary understands that a college loan is about a lot more than getting a qualified child an education." name.
"""Everybody knows sheos smart..
Everybody knows sheos tough..
.
But I know what sheos passionate aboutiI know Hillary."" name.
uHeos become a brother to Jill and meiand Michelleyou are incredible.u name on name and name.
"Every day weore grateful to Barack and Michelle for asking us to join them on this incredible journey.u name.
Watch night three of hashtag live on Facebook as name name and name take the stage Ui url.
"He knows at its best, politics is always a matter of the heart.u name on name url.
What the world needs now is love. url.
"What matters in politics is if you can deliver resultsiand Hillary gets results. Grateful for the chance to serve..
url.
I've seen Hillary in the Senate &amp; the Situation Room. Clear-eyed. Steady. Understands working people. Exactly the leadership we need. iJoe.
Itos good to be back, folks. We've got less than 4 months until Election Day, and I need you with me. Let's go elect some Democrats. iJoe.
"Speaking is difficult for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President.u name url.
"In the White House, she will stand up to the gun lobby. Thatos why I'm voting for Hillary!u name url.
"In Congress, I learned a powerful lesson: Strong women get things done.u name.
"s president, she will do what is right for our nation, not what is politically expedient.u name on Hillary.
uWe say their names, but that is not enoughu name on the victims of gun violence url.
"I would give every single day that I have left for just one more day with my mom." iErica Smegielski url.
"Iom here without my mother while too many politicians cower behind the gun lobby.u iErica Smegielski hashtag.
uIt is time to take Washington back from the gun lobby!u name url.
We have had hashtag of the unrelenting gun violence in merica. It's time for us to fight back, together. hashtag url.
Text LWS to 47246 to learn about the dangerous loopholes in our gun laws and get the information you need to help reduce gun violence..
uThere is no reason to feel helpless about the horrifying trajectory of cascading massacresWe can change this.u name.
uShe stood up to the NR, and Hillary Clinton pledged to take Washington back from the gun lobby.u name hashtag.
Thank you, Christine. We're all standing by your side. url.
Christine Leinonen is a symbol of strength for all mericans, especially hashtag people. My heart is with her and her son, Drew. hashtag.
"""Trump says global warming is a hoax..
.
I say Trump is a fraud.u name hashtag url.
uFrom her first day in office, President Hillary Clinton will do whatos needed to combat climate change.u name hashtag.
uWhile Trump talks and talks and talks, Hillary does stuff. She fights for us on the big name hashtag.
"Itos time to put a bully, racist in his place and a tough woman in hersithe White House!" name url.
"I am here to tell you that Hillary Clinton is as tough as they come." name hashtag.
"Maybe one day she'll look back and say, 'I was there...when we nominated our first female president.'" iJanet, NMI url.
Just tuning into tonight's action? Watch the livestream at url hashtag hashtag url.
"Republicans want to tear down the pillars of middle-class security. We wonot let that happen!" name url.
"Middle-class families fighting to give your kids a better life: Democrats stand in your corner." name hashtag.
"Hillary Clinton may be our 1st woman president. But she will not be our last. Once that barrier falls, it will never... be put back up.".
"""This is not merely unacceptable or wrong, though it is both. What happened in Flint is immoral."" iHillary.
url.
The story of Bill and Hillary, in photos: url url.
So proud to tell hashtag last night why name is still the best darn changemaker I've ever known. url.
Daniel Driffin is the first speaker living with HIV to take the hashtag stage in 12 years url.
"I trust Hillary because...I've seen her lifelong devotion to our nation's children." name url.
Last night, we put the biggest crack yet in that highest, hardest glass ceiling. Here are the highlights: url.
"She is still the best darn change maker I have ever known.u name on Hillary url.
People are sharing photos of their grandmas celebrating Hillary Clintonos nomination url url.
"Hillary will make us stronger together. You know it because sheos spent a lifetime doing it." name url.
Taking it all in. url.
" young girl asked Hillary, ""Do you think when you're president, you'll be paid as much as a man?"".
url.
"The first time that a major presidential candidate has actively encouraged a foreign power to conduct espionage." url.
A few thoughts from name that seem particularly relevant right now. url.
name the Hotel Roanoke C is fine &amp; you should pay them for it. You're the one who brought the hot air! url.
"History made..
url.
"What I admire most about Hillary is that she never buckles under pressure." name url hashtag.
We just put the biggest crack in that glass ceiling yet.u iHillary url.
"uHillary Clinton will be our first woman president..
.
nd she will be a great president."" iMeryl Streep url.
"WTCH: me + friends supporting name name hashtag hashtag.
url.
uHillary will make us stronger together. You know it because she spent a lifetime doing it.u name url.
"She is still the best darn changemaker I have ever known.u name on Hillary.
"How do you square the things I told you with the picture the Republicans painted of their opponent in Cleveland? You canot." name.
"She launched a team to fight back against terrorists online and built a new global counter-terrorism effort.u name.
uShe backed President Obamaos decision to go after Osama bin Laden.u name on Hillary url.
"She flew all night from Cambodia to the Middle East to get a ceasefire to avoid a shooting war between Hamas and Israel." name.
"NY elected her to the seat once held by another outsider, Robert Kennedy. She didnot let him down.u name on Hillaryos Senate run.
uSheos a changemaker. Thatos what she does.u name on Hillary helping 8 million kids get health coverage url.
uThis woman had never been satisfied with the status quo. She always wants to move the ball forward.u name on Hillary.
"Sheos insatiably curious, sheos a natural leader, sheos a good url and sheos the best darn changemaker Iove seen.u name.
uLooks to me like we elected the wrong Clinton.u ian rkansas judge on Hillaryos work on rural education as first lady of rkansas.
uHillary opened my eyes to a whole new world of public service.u name url.
"It was the greatest moment of my life...and the...conviction that my daughter had the best mother in the worldu iBill on Chelsea being born.
uI married my best friend. I was still in awe ofhow smart and strong and loving and caring she was.u name on Hillary.
"Hillary enjoyed teaching, encouraging her students to believe in themselves and their potential.u name.
uShe never made fun of people with disabilities. She tried to empower them based on their abilities.u name on Hillary.
"Then she went down to South Texasand registered Mexican-merican voters.u name on Hillary.
"She became so involved in childrenos issues that she...took an extra year in law school, working at the Child Study Center.u name.
"Knowing her was one of Hillaryos greatest gifts to me.u name on Hillaryos mother, Dorothy Rodham.
"I asked her to take a walk with me to the Yale rt Museum. Weove been walking and talking and laughing together ever since.u name.
"I was so impressed and surprised that, whether you believe it or not, I was momentarily speechless.u name on meeting Hillary.
uIn the spring of 1971 I met a girl. The first time I saw her we were...in a class on Political and Civil Rights.u name on Hillary.
You wonot want to miss this. Watch name take the stage at the hashtag url.
"""She is the best qualified person for this moment in history."" name on Hillary.
url.
"Safeguarding freedom and security is not like hosting a TV reality show. It...demands a cool head, but also a big heart." name.
"This fall, we must do everything we can to make sure that Hillary becomes our next Commander-in- Chief." name hashtag.
"I trusted her when my life was on the line, and she came through.u i9/11 survivor, Lauren Manning url.
"Donald Trump and Mike Pence: We are not going back to the dark days when women died in back alleys." name url.
"Letos declare: Love trumps hate!u name and name url.
"Make no mistake about it: Women's health and rights are on the line and on the ballot in this election.u name hashtag.
No mother should have to feel this loss. url.
uI would not have signed up for this. None of us would have. I am here today for my son, Trayvon Martin, who is in heavenu iSybrina Fulton.
"Hillary Clinton isn't afraid to say black lives matter..." - Lucy McBath, mother of Jordan Davis url.
uSandy, my fourth of five daughters, was gone So many of our children gone but not url iGeneva Reed-Veal, Sandra Blandos mother..
"""Let's build. Let's unite."" iMaria Hamilton, mother of Dontre Hamilton.
url.
Thank you, President Carter. url.
We made history. url.
"This moment is for every little girl who dreams big. hashtag.
url.
Stronger together. url.
History. url.
Getting ready to make some history. hashtag url.
The hashtag is underway at the name You can join in from home! Text HILLRY to 47246 to voice your support right now..
uThis oneos for you, Hill.u hashtag url.
It took 240 years but 2016 will be the year of the first woman POTUS!!! Great day to be an merican Woman! hashtag hashtag.
"I am pleased to second the nomination for Hillary Clinton as the party candidate for president!u name url.
The tears are very real. Now when I tell my daughter she can be what she wants (even president) I'm not completely full of hashtag.
Hillary's oldest delegate is 102. Read Jerry's story: url url.
uTonight, we will shatter that glass ceiling again.u name on nominating Hillary for president hashtag.
uWe have made too much progress, and we are not going back, we are going forward." name hashtag.
uSome people want to rant, but Hillary wants to get results.u name hashtag.
Watch Hillary become the first woman presidential nominee of a major political party: url hashtag.
You heard name Here's how you can get involved in this campaign Ui url url.
On most campaigns, there isn't much ambiguity as to whether the candidate does or doesn't back KKK leaders. url.
Meet one of our P delegates who will help nominate name today at hashtag name url.
" if last night made you proud to be a Democrat. hashtag.
url.
Day one of the Democratic Convention is in the books. Catch up on what you missed here: url hashtag.
"When we are indivisible, we are invincible." name at the name last night hashtag url.
"""It is ridiculous that there has never been a female president before."".
url.
uBecause of Hillary Clinton, my daughters...can take it for granted that a woman can be president.u name url.
"Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president and I am proud to stand with her tonight.u name hashtag.
"I served with her in the United States Senate and know her as a fierce advocate for the rights of children.u name hashtag.
"While...Trump is busy insulting one group after another, Hillary...understands that our diversity is one of our greatest strengths" iBernie.
"Donald Trump? Well, like most Republicans, he chooses to reject science. He believes that climate change is a 'hoax.'u name.
uHillary Clinton will nominate justices to the Supreme Court who are prepared to overturn Citizens United.u name hashtag.
"Hillary...understands that if someone in this country works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty." name.
"Hillary Clinton must become the next president of the United States.u name hashtag.
"We have come a long way in the last 7 1/2 years and I thank President Obama and Vice President Biden for their leadership." name.
"""I can't see him helping anyone but himself."" iCheryl Lankford, single mom and Trump University victim hashtag.
url.
Happening now: Watch name address the name Ui url hashtag.
"Trumpos entire campaign is just one more, late-night Trump infomercial.u name hashtag url.
Couldnot agree more, name url.
uIf you believe we are stronger together, then letos work our hearts out to make Hillary Clinton the next president.u name.
uWeore not going to be Donald Trumpos hate-filled mericainot now, not ever!u name hashtag.
"When we turn on each other, we canot unite to fight back against a rigged system.u name hashtag.
uThatos Donald Trumpos mericaian merica of fear and hate.u name hashtag.
"He even picked a vice president famous for trying to make it legal to openly discriminate against gays and lesbians." iWarren on Trump.
"Last week...Trump spoke for more than an hour...But other than talking about building a stupid walldid you hear any actual ideas?" iWarren.
"What kind of a man cheats students, cheats investors, cheats workers? ... A man who must never be president" iWarren on Trump hashtag.
"What kind of a man roots for an economic crash that cost millions of people their jobs? Their homes? Their life savings?" iWarren on Trump.
"He preyed on...people who had fallen on hard times. Heos conned them, heos defrauded them, and heos ripped them off.u iWarren on Trump.
"Weore here today because our choice is name Iom with Hillary." name hashtag url.
Watch name live at the hashtag in Philadelphia: url.
"Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life." name hashtag url.
"We need to pour every last ounce of our passion and our strength and our love for this country into electing Hillary Clinton." name.
"Donot let anyone ever tell you that this country isnot great...This, right now, is the greatest country on earth." name hashtag.
uBecause of Hillary Clinton, my daughtersnow take for granted that a woman can be president of the United States.u name hashtag.
"Hillary understands that the presidency is about one thing and one thing onlyiitos about leaving something better for our kids." name.
"In this election, Iom with her!" name on Hillary hashtag.
"We donot turn against each otherino, we listen to each other. We lean on each other because we are always stronger together." name.
"Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life." name hashtag.
"When she didnot win the nomination 8 years ago, she didnot get...disillusioned...she proudly stepped up to serve our country." name.
"There is only one person...truly qualified to be president of the United States, and that is our friend Hillary Clinton." name.
Happening now: Watch name speak at the hashtag url.
"Let us declare again, that we will be a free people. Free from fear and intimidation." name hashtag url.
"Let us declare again that we are a nation of interdependence and that in merica, love always trumps hate." name hashtag.
"""We are the United States of merica..
We will not falter or fail..
We will not retreat or surrender."" name hashtag.
umerica, we will rise.u name hashtag.
"Hillary Clinton knows what Donald Trump betrays time and time again in this campaign: that we are not a zero sum nation." name.
"Trump says he would run our country like he has run his businesses. Well, Iom from Jersey...we see how he leads in tlantic City.u iBooker.
uPatriotism is love of country. But you canot love your country without loving your countrymen and your countrywomen.u name.
uGenerations of heroic mericans have made our nation more inclusive, more expansive, and more just.u name hashtag.
uOur forefathers gathered in this very city, and they declared before the world that would be a free and independent nation." iSen. Booker.
Watch live as name takes the stage at the hashtag url.
uSo guess what Donald? It turns out merica is pretty great already.u name hashtag.
No matter who you supported in the primary, we are united and stronger together. hashtag url.
You still have a chance to be a part of history and join Hillary at the hashtag on Thursday. Enter here: url.
Thank you, name for describing your experience dealing with mental illness with such courage. hashtag url.
"""Cuando Donald Trump habla de deportar a 11 millones de personas, se refiere a.
separar familias... como la m=a y la de name.
"I know she will fight to keep our families together, nuestras familiasu iDREMer name on Hillary url.
"Valiente. Brave. Thatos what Hillary...called me when I told her I was worried my parents would be deported" iKarla url.
"When Donald Trump talks about deporting 11 million people, heos talking about...separating families like mine and like Karlaos" name.
uMy family believed so deeply in the promise of this country that we risked everything for the merican Dream.u iDREMer activist name.
"We need comprehensive immigration reform to keep families like Karla's together. hashtag.
url.
I cannot ever say enough how much it means to me that name speaks about addiction and substance abuse. hashtag.
Tonight, name voted for the most progressive party platform ever. Here are some highlights: url hashtag.
"Opioid addiction is destroying too many lives across our country. It's time to end this epidemic..
url.
"We don't just believe in a country where no one is left out or left behindiwe're making it a reality..
url.
We have got to defeat Donald Trump and do everything we can to elect Hillary Clinton to the White house. hashtag.
Letos make sure our future is in the right hands. hashtag hashtag url.
It's not just history that's watching usiit's the future, too. hashtag url.
Get the details you need to know ahead of day one at the hashtag url.
The dvocate endorses name the only candidate who is a champion of hashtag causes. url url.
Hold on to your hats. The hashtag is just getting started: url url.
"Weore ready to kick off a historic hashtag.
.
Watch live: url url.
"""Tim has always had a good heart."" name.
.
Read what they're saying about Hillary's running mate name url.
I am not able to attend this yearos Democratic convention, but I will be voting for Hillary Clinton. (1/3).
"He is a progressive who likes to get things done. Thatos just my kind of guy." iHillary on name url.
"Putting Donald Trump in charge of our economy would be devastating for working families..
url.
"No matter where you are, you can help Hillary win in November. ll you need is a smartphone. url.
url.
uEveryone who has served deserves our thanks...and you deserve a country and a president and Commander-in-Chief who honors your service.".
The freedoms and privileges that we enjoy as mericans didnot come out of thin air. People fought and bled and died for them..
"We are not going to privatize the V.., weore going to reform it." iHillary.
"I believe that he and all merican prisoners of war are heroes.u iHillary on Senator John McCain.
uI donot understand people who trash talk about mericawho act as if we are not yet the greatest country that has ever been created.u.
"Our troops strive to conduct themselves with honor..
.
They deserve a Commander-in-Chief who will never order them to commit war crimes.".
"One thingos for certain: You wonot ever hear me praising dictators and strongmen who have no love for merica.u iHillary on Donald Trump.
"I believe in being firm but wise with our rivalsifinding common ground where we can and standing our ground when we must." iHillary.
"mericans arenot just choosing a president, weore also choosing a Commander-in-Chief." iHillary to the name.
Hillary's speaking at the name Tune in now: url.
name is everything Donald Trump and Mike Pence are not: progressive and qualified to lead on day one. url.
"For more than a decade, name been leading the fight against the NRiright in their own backyard..
url.
"There's never been a campaign app like this before. Download it today to help Hillary win. url.
url.
People had some fun with a new game we invented: Sad! Libs. url.
"Do all the good you canimeasure your life by the positive effect you can have on other peopleos lives." name url.
"Couldn't have said it better!" iDavid Duke, former grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, on Donald Trump's RNC speech url.
"Trump's convention message: fear and hate..
.
 if you agree we're better than this..
url.
name is a good man. Heos a true progressive. nd he will make a great vice president." name url.
"Donald will betray his supporters on every issue." name on the name nominee url.
Virginians have known and loved name for decadesiand we're proud to have him on Team Hillary: url.
"""It's hard to find a project he touched that did not produce allegations of broken promises...or outright fraud."".
url.
"Trump, translated:.
.
uiBuild the wall.
uidd $34 trillion to the national debt.
uiRevoke 20 million mericans' insurance url.
"Your name nominee for president has some thoughts on graphic design..
url.
"Our goal: 3 million people to register and commit to vote by Nov. 8.
.
Help us get there. Ui url.
url.
Outraged by today's attack in Kabul that killed dozens who were peacefully demonstrating. We stand with the fghan people against terror. -H.
"I don't defend what he says." name on name hashtag url.
"""Tough times don't last, but tough people do."" name in his first speech as Hillary's running mate.
url.
Help welcome name to the team. Get your sticker today to show your support: url hashtag.
uLetos go make history and elect Hillary Clinton the 45th president of the United States.u name url.
"merica was built on courage, on imagination, and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.u name quoting Harry Truman.
"Youore right, he doesnot trash talk everybody. He likes Vladimir Putin.u name on Donald Trump.
uI know the NR...Theyove campaigned against me in every statewide race Iove ever run, but Iove never lost an election.u name.
"Hillary and I will not rest...until we get universal background checks and close loopholes.u name on preventing gun violence.
uIn the first 100 days, weoll put forward a comprehensive immigration reform package that includes a path to citizenship.u name.
uWeoll make sure that Wall Street, and corporations, and the wealthy pay their fair share of taxes.u name.
"Weore going to make our economy work for everybody, not just those at the top.u name.
"There are an awful lot of people whoove put their trust and faith in Hillary. nd she has always delivered.u name.
"""Iom a Catholic, and Hillary is a Methodist, but I tell you, her creed is the same as mine:.
Do all the good you can.u name.
"If Iom good at anything in public life, itos because I started at the local levelilistening to people...&amp; trying to find consensus." iKaine.
"prend= los valores de mi pueblo, de la fe, familia y trabajo"- name sobre su experiencia en Honduras..
"Marrying nne was, and remains, the best decision of my life.u name.
uMy mom once told meoif you want to do right, be an optimist.ou name.
Tim has spent most of his life in public service because he believes in doing everything he can to make a difference in peopleos lives..
"Seremos compaeros de alma en esta gran lucha por venir"idijo name sobre name.
"""Hillary Clinton is the exact opposite of Donald Trump..
.
She doesnot insult people. She listens to them."" name.
"""What does Donald Trump say about these great mericans?.
.
He calls the merican military 'a disaster.ou name.
uY bienvenidos a todos, bienvenidos a todos a nuestro pa=s porque somos americanos name.
"Join us. Take out your phone right now and text JOIN to 47246. Or go to url iHillary.
"I canot think of any better person to have by my side on the campaign trail and in the White House." iHillary.
"Tim has led on some of the most important issues facing our countryifrom voting rights to LGBT equality to criminal justice reform.".
"Trump's dangerously wrong when he says uI alone can fix it.u.
.
mericans haver never put our faith in one maniwe put our faith in each other.".
"Make no mistake: Behind that smile, name has a backbone of steel..
.
Just ask the NR.".
The people who know name best have voted to give him a promotion because he fights for the people he represents and delivers results..
"Pence slashed education funding in Indiana &amp; gave tax cuts to the wealthiest..
.
Kaine cut his own salary &amp; invested in education in Virginia.".
During law school, when his classmates were taking internships at prestigious firms, name served as a missionary in Honduras..
"Tim is everything Donald Trump &amp; Mike Pence are nothe is a progressive who likes to get things done. Thatos just my kind of guy." iHillary.
uIn Philadelphia, weoll offer a very different vision for our country. One that is about building bridges, not walls.u iHillary.
"Donald Trump may think merica is in decline, but heos wrong..
.
mericaos best days are still ahead of us.".
"fter everything we saw at the Republican Convention...being here with you on this beautiful day is like a breath of fresh air." iHillary.
Live from Miami: Hillary takes the stage in her first appearance with her running mate, name Ui url.
Rania doesn't understand why a country as great as the United States has never had a woman president. hashtag url.
The crowd name eagerly awaits for name and name to take the stage. hashtag url.
If you want to know what someoneos really like, ask his neighbors when he's not around. url.
This is what dauntless leadership looks like. Thank you, name to call you a friend. -H url.
"Trump, translated:.
.
uiBuild the wall.
uidd $34 trillion to the national debt.
uiRevoke 20 million mericans' insurance url.
Congrats to my friend name on being name running mate! Excited to stand w/you both &amp; fight for safer communities..
My friend name brings knowledge and experience to what is already the most qualified Presidential ticket in my lifetime. 1/2.
Welcome to the team, name url.
He's humble.He's incredibly smart.He's a joyful warrior,a kind &amp; thoughtful person.He'll be a wonderful VP! Congrats to my friend. M. I. Z!.
Honrado de ser el candidato a la vicepresidencia de name hashtag.
NRL president name on Hillary Clinton's VP pick name url hashtag hashtag url.
bout Tim Kaine: url url.
Meet name running mate and the next vice president of the United States. url.
Trying to count the ways I hate name Drawing a blank. Congrats to a good man and a good friend..
Senator name is a gunsense champion of the first order. url.
Just got off the phone with Hillary. Iom honored to be her running mate. Canot wait to hit the trail tomorrow in Miami!.
name has a big heart and showed it as a civil rights lawyer, a teacher, a mayor, a governor, and a senator. url.
Virginia's own name has joined Team Hillaryinow it's your turn: url hashtag url.
name guiding principle: the belief that you can make a difference through public service. url.
Encantada de anunciar mi candidato a la vicepresidencia name quien ha dedicado su vida a luchar por los dems-H url.
name is a relentless optimist who believes no problem is unsolvable if you put in the work to solve it..
url.
I'm thrilled to announce my running mate, name a man who's devoted his life to fighting for others. -H url.
Donald Trump told lie after lie last night because it's all he has to offer the merican people. url.
"The best way I can sum up what I hope this election will lead to...is: Love trumps hate." iHillary.
"The last thing we need is somebody running for president who talks trash about merica." iHillary in Tampa.
"I've never known merica to quit on ourselves. I've never known us to give up in the face of tough challenges." iHillary.
"We need more love and kindness in this country...The last thing we need are leaders who try to divide us even more than we are." iHillary.
"He sure doesnot speak for me, because I know we are stronger together, and thatos what weore going to be." iHillary on Trump.
"He doesnot speak for anyone who thinks our country should be standing together, not splintering apart." iHillary url.
"He doesnot speak for immigrants...I donot think he speaks for women. I donot think he speaks for working families." iHillary on Trump.
"s I recall, we had a revolution to make sure we didn't have someone who said, 'I can fix it alone.'" iHillary url.
"I've never heard an merican leader...claiming that he's all we need. That's not a democracy, my friends." iHillary.
Donald Trumpos speech last night took it to a whole new level. He offered a lot of anger and fear and resentmentibut no solutions..
uI never thought Iod say these words, but Ted Cruz was right...in this election, do the right thing and vote your conscience.u iHillary.
"Hard to believe they spent so much time talking about me and no time talking about jobs or education or health care." iHillary on the RNC.
"I think after the last week...we'd better be ready to go win an election in November." iHillary in Tampa.
Hillary Clinton is paying respects at the Pulse nightclub memorial in Orlando url.
Monitoring the horrific situation in Munich. We stand with our friends in Germany as they work to bring those responsible to justice. -H.
What Trump really means when he says "Make merica Great gainu: url.
Pres. Obama on RNC: "Some of the fears that were expressed throughout the week just don't jive with the facts." url.
"This is Trump's party. This could be Trump's merica..
.
Don't let it..
url.
WTCH: Damning video undermines Trump momentum after accepting nomination Ui url.
Iove watched every moment of political conventions since 1984. Tonight I left early. I was afraid. url hashtag.
"Couldn't have said it better," wrote the former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard about Trump's convention speech. url.
Donald Trump doesnot want to make merica great. He wants to make it afraid, because that's the only way he wins: url.
Leading criminologist on Trump's speech: u good illustration of how to lie with statistics.u url.
"Donald Trump doesn't represent us..
His ideas don't represent us..
nd his values don't represent us..
dd your name: url.
"President. Donald. Trump..
.
Get your free sticker to show the world you're not about to let that happen: url.
How will you feel if you wake up on Jan. 20 to President Trump? Chip in now to help keep him out of the White House: url.
s of tonight, only one thing is standing between Donald Trump and the presidency: all of us. Get your free sticker: url.
"This is realiDonald Trump just accepted the name nomination..
.
 if you agree: We can't let him become president. url.
"""Iom with you*"" name.
.
*Not included: women, frican mericans, LGBT people, Muslims, Latinos, immigrants...".
History is watching. url.
S=, construiremos un muroientre t y la presidencia, Donald Trump. hashtag.
Donald Trump's plan mostly benefits billionaires -- and millionaires like Donald Trump. url.
Every uea time uea name uea makes uea you uea mad uea chip uea inuea $1. url url.
Fixed it for you. hashtag url url.
We are better than this..
Will there be one word about student debt or making college affordable? Or just concerned about more tax breaks for the rich? hashtag.
Your party's official platform supports uconversion therapy,u name url.
This is literally Donald Trump's plan to fight ISIS. hashtag url.
Here's how the Republican ticket would "protect" LGBT mericans. hashtag url.
Trump is right about one thing. hashtag url.
You are not our voice, name.
name ranked a Donald Trump presidency as the third greatest threat to the global economy. hashtag url.
Let's review the record. url.
If Trump wants to talk about debt, letos start with the $34 trillion (that's a "t") his tax plan would run up. url.
Trump is just wrong about crime. hashtag url url.
This itself is a lie. hashtag url url.
Show name that his hateful words have a cost. Chip in $1 every time he lies. url url.
ue hashtag url.
bout name views on working women and pregnancy. url.
Follow name tonight for live fact-checking of Donald Trumpos hashtag speech. The best facts, in fact..
Thank you to the name for standing with the LGBT community today! A big win for equality and fairness over discrimination and fear..
Primero, un "taco bowl". Y ahora, Joe rpaio. Nada ms que decir. hashtag.
name has the best words when you're not running for president. hashtag url.
"I already have a concentration camp...it's called Tent City." iJoe rpaio, Trump endorser and hashtag speaker url.
Introducing Hillary en espaol!, a new account to bring you the latest from this campaign in Spanish. Follow name.
"""It's pretty obvious he doesn't know a lot about the issues."" name on Trump.
.
We couldn't agree more, Mitch url.
"So much for party unity..
url.
The only one to benefit by casting our commitment to NTO in doubt is Russia. hashtag hashtag.
"""Dummy."".
""Slob."".
""nimal."".
.
Here's what name has said about you: url hashtag.
Mike Pence introduced himself to merica last night. Here's what we learnediand what he url to mention: url.
Happy anniversary, Dodd-Frank! One candidate would repeal Wall St reformithe other won't let it happen. sk this guy url.
Itos hard to keep track of all of the ignorant and divisive things Trump and Pence have saidiso we did it for you. url.
Now might be a good time to follow us on Snapchat. url url.
""" sniveling coward"".
""Carnival barker"".
Just some of the things Republicans at the hashtag have said about Trump: url.
Hillary's spent her career helping others. name He only helps himself. A side-by-side comparison: url.
Now we know what Trump really thinks about us. Sad! url hashtag url.
BEST THING EVER. What has Donald Trump said about people like you? url hashtag url.
"If I were in charge, they would know...waterboarding is how we'd baptize terrorists." iSarah Palin, Trump supporter url.
Introducing hashtag Discover what name thinks about people like you. url url.
"""You do not represent us..
Your ideas donot represent us..
Your values donot represent us."".
.
dd your name: url.
"Donald Trump is...occasionally right. hashtag.
url.
Vote your conscience. url.
Donot booibuck Trump uea url hashtag url.
name Speaking of abandoning your friends....
.
url.
Mike Pence tried to legalize LGBT discrimination in Indianaiand cost the state millions in the process. url hashtag.
You don't say, Mike. hashtag url.
Pence touting Indiana's economy? It's tracked the nation's recovery because of Obama policies (auto rescue!) that Pence opposed. hashtag.
If you thought Donald Trump was going to pick a running mate who would appeal to moderates, think again. url.
Mike Pence: bigotry with a heaping side of terrible economic stewardship. url.
Donald Trump chose one of the most anti-LGBT politicians in the country to be his Vice President. hashtag url.
" few things you should know about Trump's VP pick convention speaker, Newt Gingrich. hashtag.
url.
Newt once compared Planned Parenthood to ISIS. Yeah. url url.
Y ahora le toca el turno en la convencin republicana a... Newt Gingrich! url.
We made this when we thought Newt might be Trumpos VP pick. He wasnot. Here you go anyway! hashtag url.
" speaker tonight said that Donald Trump always pays his bills..
.
nnnd that claim just got rated false..
.
hashtag url.
Ted Cruz once called Donald Trump a pathological liar. nd yet...here he is. hashtag url.
"""Pathological liar."".
""Out of a psychology textbook."".
""Narcissist."" name on Trump, 78 days ago hashtag.
url.
Very big of you, name hashtag url.
"Neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and anti-Semites: three groups name is bringing together..
url.
plaudo al 5to Circuito por bloquear la ley de ID del votante en Texas, de las ms restrictivas. Facilitemos el voto, no lo dificultemos.-H.
Fact check: The hashtag speakers are lying to mericaiat least 67 times so far. url.
Hillary on the passing of Rep. Mark Takai. url.
I applaud the 5th Circuit for blocking Texas's voter ID lawione of the most restrictive in merica. Let's make voting easier, not harder. -H.
"Whose rights has Mike Pence restricted?.
uiWomen.
uiImmigrants.
uiLGBT people url.
Trump or Pence: Who said it worse? It's a close call. url.
What our president says matters. We can't let name hateful words speak for us. url.
"This week in 1848, the Seneca Falls Convention declared that women deserve equal rights..
.
168 years later... url.
name is committed to working to overturn disastrous hashtag decision within her first 30 days. url.
"Last night's hashtag theme: ""Make merica Work* gain"".
.
*Instructions not included url.
Le presentamos Hillary en espaol!, una nueva cuenta para compartirles informacin sobre esta campaa presidencial. url.
"Trump says he'd run the U.S. like his businesses..
.
Which pretty much means letting merica go bankrupt. url.
"""I will bring people together."" name.
.
Yeah, we don't think so..
url.
"He won me over with that Mexican rapist speech." inn Coulter on Donald Trump url.
Trump doesn't represent us or our values. Join the 100,000 people who have already signed our letter if you agree: url.
Five disturbing things the GOP officially stands for (yes, in 2016): url.
On the hashtag "economy night," here's everything we learned about Donald Trump's economic plan: url.
"So...what exactly did we learn tonight about Donald Trump's economic plan? hashtag.
url.
Yeah, Donald Trump has been a real gem to working women. hashtag url.
It's not brain surgery: Republicans tend to be a bit more truth-y when the presidency isn't on the line. hashtag url.
"If Donald Trump wants to make merica great again, he should start by actually making things in merica..
url.
You're too kind, name hashtag url.
"Donald Trump's record of success..
.
 hashtag url.
Lots of talk of "talent and drive" about someone who repeatedly drives his businesses into the ground. hashtag url.
"This small business owner sold Donald Trump pianos for his tlantic City casino..
.
Trump stiffed him for the payment. url.
If you think Chris Christie can lecture anyone on ethics, we have a bridge to sell you. url hashtag.
Not according to your anti-woman, anti-LGBT, anti-immigrant name platform. hashtag url.
The Republican Party platform is so hateful, you'd think Donald Trump wrote it himself. url.
But name still endorses Donald Trump for president anyway. hashtag url.
"Mitch McConnell had a much different tune about name before she ran for president. hashtag.
url.
Senator McConnell can be very complimentaryiwhen you're not on the ballot. hashtag url.
"Your potential next president doesn't think filing for bankruptcy is a bad thing..
url.
Let's do this. url.
"Donald Trump is literally the Republican nominee for president..
url.
Donald Trump just became the Republican nominee. Chip in now to make sure he never steps foot in the Oval Office. url.
On this day in 1984, name nominated Geraldine Ferraroithe first woman VP nominee on a major party ticket. url.
Text VOTE to 47246, register to vote, and make sure he never becomes president. url.
We watched the first night of the hashtag so you didn't have to. Some of the worst of what we heard: url.
Live from HQ: name name and name introduce our 3 Million Stronger voter registration goal: url.
"1973:.

Donald Trump is sued for housing discrimination..
Hillary begins her career at the Children's Defense Fund. url.
Just 10 minutes left to finish reading Trump's lawsuits. Think we can make it? Tune in now: url url.
"""He's built his empire on other people's backs."" i small business owner who Donald Trump still owes $30,000.
url.
2,016 and counting: We're reading thousands of lawsuits involving name live on Facebook. url.
EN VIVO: Trump ha estado involucrado en ms de 5,500 demandas. Vamos a intentar leerlas todas en 4 horas: url.
We think Trump's been involved in more than 5,500 lawsuits. We're going to try and read them all in 4 hours: url.
"""Nothing is more ridiculous than Trump's claim that he's the enemy of Wall Street."" name.
url.
"Weore going to enfranchise as many mericans as possible, and we're going to win. Join us: url.
url.
Trump bulldozed his way into this nomination by sowing hateiadd your name to tell him that's not who we are. url.
" small business owner sold Donald Trump pianos for his tlantic City casino..
.
Trump stiffed him for the payment..
url.
A good reminder. hashtag url.
"Chip in $1 if you agree we canot let Trump uwin so big.u hashtag url.
url.
name tells name Trump is the most dangerous presidential candidate in the history of this country url.
Watch out, fog machine rental company. Trump isn't great at paying his invoices. url.
Ret. Lt. Gen. Flynn thinks that ufear of Muslims is rational." hashtag url.
Literally. hashtag url.
When name makes you mad, chip in to make himsad! url url.
Trump took over $100,000 from emergency 9/11 funds for small businessesifor his swanky Wall Street property. url.
Republicans have a lot of nice things to sayiwhen it's not an election year. Thanks, Mayor Giuliani. hashtag url.
Republicans say the world doesn't respect us. The world disagrees. hashtag url.
Remember when Tom Cotton wrote a letter to the leader of Iran to undermine the Obama admin? url url.
Tonight is no different than every other day in Trumplandia: he has been disparaging our community from day one..
Meet the starting line-up for Team Trump at the hashtag url url.
"SCOTUS deber=a aceptar la peticin del DOJ para reconsiderar el caso EE.UU v Texas. Mantengamos las familias inmigrantes juntas"- Hillary..
"""Donald Trump lost control of his own convention before it even started."" hashtag.
url.
With five million lives on the line, SCOTUS should grant DOJ's petition to rehear U.S. v. Texas. Let's keep immigrant families together. -H.
"Lincoln called it ""terrible."" FDR said he hated it..
.
name ""I love war."".
url.
"Todayos hashtag theme: uLaw and Order.u.
url.
"I think Hillary will go down as one of the finest secretaries of state we've had." name url.
So this is kind of scary... url url.
We can't let these two anywhere near the White House. url.
"""No nos representas. Tus ideas no nos representan. Tus valores no nos representan"".
Carta abierta a Trump. Firma hoy: url.
Commit to vote today to show name we're hashtag url.
"Iom pleased to announce a nationwide drive to get 3 million people to register to vote and commit to vote in this election." iHillary.
"s Dr. King said, 'Our lives begin to end when we become silent about things that matter.' None of can afford to be silent." iHillary.
"We're watching the Party of Lincoln become the Party of Trump..
.
That's not just a loss for our countryiit's a threat.".
"In times like these, we need a president who can help pull us together, not split us apart. I will work every single day to do just that.".
Letos also put ourselves in the shoes of police officers. Empathy works both ways. Weove got to try to see the world through their eyes..
White mericans need to do a better job of listening when frican mericans talk about the seen and unseen barriers that you face every day..
"Ending systemic racism requires contributions from us all, especially those of us who havenot experienced it ourselves." iHillary.
People who care about protecting the lives of police officers should be committed to getting assault weapons off our streets..
"Fixing the mass incarceration crisis..
Dismantling the school-to-prison pipeline..
Helping the formerly incarcerated..
.
It's time to act.".
We must fight for criminal justice reform. Everyone is safer when there is respect for the law and when everyone is respected by the law..
"Perhaps the best way to honor our police is to follow the lead of police departments across the country who are striving to do better.".
"Killing police officers is a terrible crime...anyone who kills a police officer and anyone who helps must be held accountable." iHillary.
Watch live as Hillary speaks to the name in Cincinnati: url.
"Donald Trump: We're going to do everything we can to make sure you never become president. url.
url.
"Confessions of a Republican:.
.
""I was a Republican... Trump, he's a different kind of man. This man scares me."".
url.
Donald Trump is about to become the name nominee for president. dd your name if you won't let him win: url.
I stand with everyone at the International IDS Conference in Durban in the fight for an hashtag url -H.
"""I think the Party is about to make a terrible mistake in Cleveland."" A confession from a Republican on Trump:.
url.
"Getting rid of gun-free school zones..
Banning Muslims entering the country..
.
What you need to know about Trump: url.
"""re you going to vote for the guy who wants to build a wall or for someone who's building bridges?"" name.
url.
Eric Garner was killed two years ago today. Here's how his mother, Gwen Carr, is advocating for reform: url.
"Just a few of the ways name has proven that he's unfit for the presidency:.
url.
Hillary's statement on the shooting in Baton Rouge. url.
"That time Donald Trump introduced his running mate...sort of..
url.
"Your potential next president on building a wall....

nd bathrooms..
url.
"Barack&amp;.
Hillary&amp;.
You.
.
Join the team. url url.
La prxima semana, los republicanos nominarn a alguien que piensa que una campaa para la comunidad latina es tuitear un 'taco bowl'..
"Weove got to say with one voice that Latinos are a vital part of the merican community..
url.
What kind of president do we want our kids looking up to? url.
"Mike Pence would outlaw abortion..
.
nd Donald Trump just made him his running mate. url.
name pledges hashtag reform plan in first 30 days!  if you're ready to end hashtag url.
"Bad for:.
uiOe The economy.
uiOe Women.
uiOe Immigrants.
uiOe nd *literally* the planet url.
Well, a*weove*a got plenty to say about Mike Pence. Here you go: url.
Donald Trump's VP pick Mike Pence is anti-woman, anti-LGBTQ, anti-immigrant, but pro-cigarettes url.
"I long for the day that Roe v. Wade is sent to the ash heap of history." iTrump's VP pick, Mike Pence url.
Of COURSE name i a guy who calls women fat pigs &amp; bimbos i picked a VP who is famous for trying to control womenos bodies..
name and name are a threat to all LGBTQ people have fought for. Now more than ever hashtag url.
Trump thinks he's "great for women" but this is one of the most anti-woman tickets in history. url.
"FCT: Mike Pence advocated for legislation that allowed businesses to discriminate against LGBT people..
url.
"Donald Trump:.
lways divisive..
Not so decisive..
url.
Hillary on the situation in hashtag url.
Trump's VP pick hashtag -rated by the NR, accepted tens of thousands in campaign donations from the gun lobby. url.
Mike Pence: Heos Donald Trump with a different haircut. url.
He opposes raising the minimum wage, and he really, really, really wants to privatize Social Security. url.
Gov Pence has a long history of supporting policies attacking ppl who donot look like him. (nti-LGBT law, attempt to block refugee family).
"Mike Pence's battle against Planned Parenthood caused an HIV outbreak in Indiana..
.
url.
Oh, and one time Pence wrote an op-ed titled uSmoking Doesnot Kill.u url.
Mike Pence wanted to use your federal tax dollars to fund more of this: url.
"Oficial: name acaba de escoger a Mike Pence para ser su vicepresidente. qu= lo que debes saber de l:.
url.
Si ten=as alguna duda que Trump continuar su peligroso plan para el pa=s, conoce quin escogi para vicepresidente. url.
If you like Donald Trump, youore going to love his choice for vice president. url.
Get to know Trump's VP pick, Mike Pence: current governor of Indiana and potential disaster for merica. url.
Chip in to keep Donald Trump, Mike Pence, and their extreme agenda out of the White House: url.
If you had any doubts about Trump sticking with his dangerous plan for merica, say hello to his VP pick. url.
"It's official: name just chose Mike Pence as his running mate. What you need to know about him:.
url.
Thank you, Virginia and Senator name url.
"Every merican stands in strong solidarity with the people of France" iHillary on the attack in Nice url.
11 Senate Dems &amp; I sent a letter to name name name &amp; name about fake schools like Trump uUu: url.
"This is one of the most consequential elections in our history." name Join us: url url.
Watch live as Hillary and Senator name take the stage in Virginia Ui url.
"Weove got to say with one voice that Latinos are a vital part of the merican community..
url.
I'm an merican and I'm proud to fight for a candidate that believes we are LL mericans hashtag url.
One year in, the hashtag has put a lid on Iranos nuclear program. Strong, principled diplomacy can work. Effective enforcement is key. -H.
uWe have to move our country and ourselvestoward a future that reflects the simple, timeless notion that all of us are equal.u iHillary.
When our kids are scared by our politicians and policy debates, itos a sign something has gone badly off the rails. url.
"I will say what Donald Trump wonot: Judge Curiel is as merican as I am and as merican as Donald Trump." iHillary.
Even name called Trumpos comments on Judge Curiel, uthe textbook definition of a racist comment.u.
name said a federal judge can't be trusted because of his "Mexican heritage." That just fans the flames of racial division..
Next week in Cleveland, Republicans will nominate someone who thinks uLatino outreachu is tweeting out a picture of a taco bowl..
"Too many kids say bye to their parents every morning, not knowing if mom or dad will be there when they get home..
.
We have to fix this.".
"In my first 100 daysI will introduce comprehensive immigration reform with a path to citizenship.u iHillary: url.
uFor families making less than $125,000 a year, weoll eliminate tuition at public colleges and universities.u iHillary.
Hillary's new college plan will help more students, especially students of color, afford college: url.
"No one who works full-time in merica should ever live in poverty..
.
We need to raise the minimum wage.".
"We need to close the gender pay gap...Latinas earn just 55 cents for every dollar earned by a white man. That is just outrageous." iHillary.
"Latinos are 17% of our countryos population, but you hold only 2% of its wealth. Thereos a disconnect here." iHillary at name.
"Latinos have to help us shape the future of merica because you are the future of merica.u iHillary at name.
Tune in to watch Hillary speak live at name url url.
In the fight to stop Donald Trump we've got a devastating tool: literally Donald Trump. Follow for a daily dose of stuff he's actually said..
"Remember: When name opens his mouth, our kids are listening..
url.
"Gun violence against mericans is all of our problem. We need to solve it together..
url.
In the presence of practical, tactical brilliance name url.
On the incredibly important news of the day (or when the Democrats committed to hashtag i url.
"In merica, we lift each other up. We build bridges, not walls. We stand together because we're stronger together..
url.
BREKING: Former Bernie Sanders supporter Braddock Mayor name endorses name url.
"We need a leader who will push us all to make our society more tolerant, inclusive, and fair." name url.
"Letos be more than allies to each other..
.
Letos take on each otheros struggles as our own..
url.
uIf we do the work, we will 'cease to be divided.' We will be indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.u iHillary.
"Letos be more than allies to each other. Letos take on each otheros struggles as our own." iHillary.
"Donald Trumpos campaign adds up to an ugly, dangerous message to merica. A message that you should be afraid." iHillary.
"I do wish Donald would listen to other people once in a while. He might actually learn something. But...he only listens to himself.".
Imagine if Trump had not just Twitter to go after critics and opponents, but also the IRSior our military. Do you think heod be restrained?.
"Hay que reconocer que 5 latinos que tambin perdieron sus vidas la semana pasada en incidentes con la Polic=a". - name.
"Trump has banished members of the press who have criticized him..
.
Is there any doubt he would do the same as president?".
"When kids are scared by political candidates and policy debates, itos a sign something has gone badly wrong." iHillary.
"Even thisithe killing of black people by policeiis somehow all about him." iHillary on Trump url.
"In times like these, we need a president who can help pull us.
together, not split us apart..
.
nd that's why Donald Trump is so dangerous.".
uIn my first 100 days as president, we will make the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II.u iHillary.
"These things can be true at once:.
.
We need criminal justice reform..
.
We need to support police..
.
We need to do more to stop gun violence.".
"The vast majority of gun owners agree: we have to prevent gun violence..
.
If weore looking for common ground, this is common ground.".
We need to listen to the dedicated, principled police officers working hard every day to rebuild trust with the communities they serve..
"We need to listen to those who say 'Black Lives Matter.' Too many black mericans...feel like their lives are disposable." iHillary.
Let's listen to families whose loved ones have been killed in police incidents. lton Sterling. Philando Castile. Sandra Blandione year ago..
"I want...all of our children to grow up in a country where violence like the kind we saw last week doesnot happen againu iHillary.
We need to take a hard look at our laws and our attitudes. We need to embrace policies that promote justice for all people..
"The words Lincoln spoke all those years ago hold resonance for us now...he said: ' house divided against itself cannot stand.'" iHillary.
Watch live as Hillary speaks from the Illinois statehouse, where Lincoln gave his "house divided" speech in 1858. url.
One hashtag has been uniting people who say hashtag and hashtag since December: url.
In merica, we're always stronger together. url.
It took awhile, but we finally found a copy of Trump's speakers. url.
This from name on the hard-right GOP platform, feels like it could have been written a decade ago. Or two. url.
Thank you, name Proud to fight alongside you. url.
"""Vi cmo ella trataba a todos con respeto. s= es como se juzga a alguien""ipresidente Obama sobre Hillary..
url.
"Letos ask ourselves, ""What can I do to stop violence and promote justice?"".
url.
You cannot run for president and skip the opportunity speak on the nation's civil rights agenda. hashtag url.
Happy birthday, Malala! Thank you for fighting for every girl's right to an education. url.
Include women in the sequel. hashtag name url.
Taking on systemic racismiand rebuilding trust between police and citizensiwill require contributions from us all. url.
"""Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president and I am proud to stand with her today."" name.
url.
Together, letos go win this election. url.
"You can take out your phone right now and text JOIN to 47246. Or go to url We accept $27 donations, too, you know.u.
To everyone who poured your heart and soul into Bernieos campaign, thank you. Our country desperately needs your voices..
"Let's make it easier to vote, not harder. Letos fight back against attacks on voting rights across the country.u iHillary.
"Letos expand Social Securityinot cut or privatize it..
Letos offer paid family leave..
Letos guarantee equal pay for women once and for all.".
Weore going to make sure that Wall Street, corporations, and the super-rich pay their fair share of taxes..
uFor families making less than $125,000 a year, weoll eliminate tuition at those schools altogether.u url.
$7.25 an hour is a starvation wage. So sorry Donald, if youore watching, weore not cutting the minimum wage, weore raising the minimum wage..
uLetos take real, meaningful action to end the epidemic of gun violence in merica.u iHillary.
Taking on systemic racism and rebuilding trust and respect between law enforcement and the communities they serve will require all of us..
Thank you, name not just for your endorsement, but for a lifetime of fighting injustice..
"He has energized and inspired a generation of young people who care deeply about our country.u iHillary on name.
"Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president, and I am proud to stand with her today." name.
Our job now is to see our progressive platform implemented by a Democratic Senate, a Democratic House and a Hillary Clinton presidency..
"We produced, by far, the most progressive platform in the history of the Democratic Party." name.
"We become stronger when black and white, Latino, sian merican, Native mericaniall of usistand together.u name.
"This election must be about bringing our people together, not dividing us up." name.
Hillary "knows that it is absurd that middle-class mericans are paying an effective tax rate higher than hedge fund millionaires.u iBernie.
"The last thing we need...is a president who doesnot care about whether millions will lose access to health care coverage." iBernie on Trump.
"If anyone out there thinks this election is not important...think about the SCOTUS justices Donald Trump will nominate." name.
"Hillary Clinton understands that if someone in merica works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty.u name.
"There is no doubt in my mind that...Hillary Clinton is far and away the best candidate to do that." name url.
"This campaign is about the needs of the merican people and addressing the very serious crises that we face." name.
"I have come here to make it as clear as possible as to why I am endorsing Hillary Clinton." name in New Hampshire.
"She will be the Democratic nominee...and I intend to do everything I can to make certain she will be the next president." name.
"Secretary Clinton has won the Democratic nominating process, and I congratulate her for that." name.
name has won the Democratic nominating process, and I congratulate her for that..
url.
"Together, we will continue to fight for a government which represents all of us, and not just the 1%." name.
Watch live as name joins Hillary on the trail in New Hampshire. url.
Today marks one month since the hashtag tragedy that claimed 49 innocent lives. It is time to hashtag url.
Donald Trump in the Oval Office is flat-out dangerous. We canot let it happen. url.
"Praising some of the world's most notorious, brutal dictators should be a red flag for a presidential candidate..
url.
"uDej a un lado su agenda personal y emociones por una causa mayor y servir al pa=s""ipresidente Obama sobre Hillary..
url.
"""They picked a nominee whose only plan is to build a higher wall."" name on name dangerous policies.
url.
"Her way of dealing with the stories she hears is not just to repeat the story but to do something about the story." url.
P's Senate is voting on a restrictive anti-abortion billiHB 1948. Call your legislator &amp; urge them to vote NO now: url.
"Hillary Clinton...has worked to improve the lives of mericans her entire adult life." name PC url.
BREKING: name whole-heartedly endorses name for President of the United States. More: url.
name says he ""loves the vets."".
.
Prisoners of war? Not so much..
url.
Remembering over 8,000 men &amp; boys massacred b/c of their faith 21 yrs ago today. url hashtag url.
"New ad: Donald Trump's number one foreign policy advisor? Himself..
.
nd his ""very good brain."".
url.
Donald Trump says he supports our veterans, but he's taken advantage of them time and time again. url.
You have a problem when a candidate looks to Saddam Hussein and Kim Jong-un as examples of good leadership. url.
"What does it say about a presidential candidate when he consistently showers praise on brutal dictators?.
url.
"Hillary is not somebody who fears the future. She believes that it is ours to shape." name url.
For Donald Trump, it's not about what he can buildaiit's about how much he can take. url.
Our economy added 287,000 jobs last monthijust another reminder of how far we've come under name url.
"You can count on her, and how she wonot waver, and she wonot back down, and she will not quit." name url.
When Donald Trump's casinos failed, hundreds of people lost their jobs, but he walked away with millions. url.
uNecesitamos escribir un nuevo cap=tulo en el sueo americanoiy no puede ser el Cap=tulo 11 (de bancarrota)u. url.
"s the President has reminded us, the arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward justice..
url.
"""I saw how she treated everybody with respect. That's how you judge somebody."" name on Hillary.
url.
uWe owe our children better than this. We owe ourselves better than this.u by Hillary Clinton url.
Community health centers provide care for 25 million mericans. Here's Hillary's plan to double their funding: url.
Congrats, name on your record-tying 22nd Grand Slam title! hashtag url.
Today's proposal by name is an important step toward expanding health insurance and health care access to millions of mericans..
name story, like so many other merican stories, reminds us of who we are as a people."" iHillary.
url.
"White mericans need to do a better job of listening when frican mericans talk about the barriers they face..
url.
uLet us not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, we shall reap, if we do not lose heart.u iGalatians 6:9.
"When the 24-hour news cycle moves on, I wonot.u iHillary on preventing gun violence and addressing racial injustice.
"Elie Wiesel once clarified for us that 'the opposite of love is not hateiitos indifference.' ... None of us can afford to be indifferent.".
"Letos ask ourselves, what can I do to stop violence and promote justice? How can I show that your life matters to me?" iHillary.
White mericans need to do a better job of listening when frican mericans talk about the seen and unseen barriers you face every day..
We cannot, must not, vilify police officers. Remember what those officers were doing when they died. They were protecting a peaceful march..
"In my first budget, I'll commit $1 billion to find and fund the best training programs [and] support new research." iHillary.
"Weoll make it clear when deadly force is warranted and when it is not, and emphasize proven methods for de-escalating situations." iHillary.
"I will bring law enforcement and communities together to develop national guidelines on the use of force by police officers." iHillary.
uGun violence is ripping apart peopleos lives. They are trying to tell us. We need to listen.u iHillary.
lton and Philando's deaths are the latest in a long, painful litany of frican mericans killed in police incidentsi123 so far this year..
There is clear evidence that black mericans are more likely to be killed in police incidents than any other group. We have to do better..
There is something wrong with our country. There is too much violence...too much senseless killing, too many people dead who shouldnot be..
"We pray for those families and for the souls of all those we lost this week and all those preceding. May they rest in Godos peace" iHillary.
Watch live as Hillary addresses the ME Church Conference in Philadelphia: url.
I mourn for the officers shot while doing their sacred duty to protect peaceful protesters, for their families &amp; all who serve with them. -H.
"We have a responsibility to fight for the next generation. ll of us. hashtag.
url.
See new name plan to protect small biz from being stiffed by abusive companies like name url.
Too many frican merican families are mourning. Too many young black men and women have been taken from us. url.
uThere has to be some form of punishment [for seeking abortion].u iDonald Trump, March 30, 2016 url.
"lton Sterling Matters..
Philando Castile Matters..
Black Lives Matter. url.
"Trump got ahead by cheating working people like ndrew Tesoro. Now he wants to do the same thing to our country..
url.
merica woke up to yet another tragedy of a life cut down too soon. Black Lives Matter. hashtag -H.
We can't let Trump's approach to the economy anywhere near the White House. url.
While Trump's tlantic City casinos posted $66 million in losses, he paid himself a $5 million bonus. url.
Do you want to build a strawman? url.
"The death of lton Sterling is a tragedy, and my prayers are with his family." iHillary url.
Trabajemos para que ningn estudiante tenga que endeudarse para estudiar en una universidad pblica de su estado. url.
Newly discovered footage that could destroy Donald Trumpos campaign if everyone saw it: url.
The Trump tlantic City business method: Drive a business into the ground, stiff workers, and take home millions. url.
"Let's make sure name never has the chance to bankrupt merica the way he bankrupted his businesses..
url.
"Clintonos proposal would make public colleges tuition-free for families making less than $125,000" url.
Let's make it so that no student has to take on debt to go to a public college or university in their state. url.
Praying for a safe Eid l-Fitr. My heart breaks for families struck by terror in Turkey, Iraq, Saudi rabia, and Bangladesh this Ramadan. -H.
"Who got hurt when Trump abandoned tlantic City?.
uiOeSmall businesses.
uiOeVendors.
uiOeLocal builders.
uiOeCasino workers.
url.
name fixed url.
"In merica, we donot begrudge people being successfulbut we do if they get rich by destroying other people." iHillary.
uNo major company has filed Chapter 11 more often in the last 30 years than Trumpos casinos.u iHillary.
"Donald Trump's business strategy:.
.
It's not about what you can build. It's about how much you can take.".
lways his only metric for success: did I make money? No matter who gets destroyed in the process. url.
"What he did here in tlantic City is exactly what heoll do if he wins in November." iHillary on name url.
utlantic City was a very good cash cow for me for a long time...The money I took out of there was incredible.u iDonald Trump.
name businesses were failing long before the rest of the town was struggling...his bad decisions hurt the whole city.".
"Isn't he supposed to be some kind of amazing businessman? What ... happened here?" name url.
nd the Trump Taj Mahal, which Donald called the 8th Wonder of the World, is bankrupt. It canceled workers' health insurance and pensions..
The Trump Marina Hotel Casino in tlantic City was sold just a few years ago at a huge loss..
"Donald Trump called the Trump Plaza Casino and Hotel ""the biggest hit yet."".
.
Now, it's abandoned. url.
What Donald Trump did in tlantic City is nothing to brag aboutiitos shamefuliand every voter in merica needs to know about it..
"We can't let Trump bankrupt merica like we're one of his casinos..
.
Watch Hillary live from tlantic City Ui url.
"Trump made millions while bankrupting his businesses, laying off workers, and stiffing contractors. Here's how:.
url.
Hillary heard you: College costs are too high in merica. It's time to fix it. url.
I applaud name for the very bold initiative she has just brought forth for the financing of higher education..
Learn more about Hillary's plan to give former students relief from student debt: url url.
Donald Trump's praise for brutal dictators like Saddam Hussein knows no bounds. url.
What name said. url.
"Quiero que t ayudes a elegirla nuestra prxima Presidenta de los Estados UnidosuiObama. url.
"""I'm here today because I believe in Hillary Clinton."" name at his first campaign stop of 2016.
url.
Fired up. Ready to go. url.
Follow along as name takes over Hillary's Instagram account on the trail in Charlotte: url url.
Thanks, Obama. url.
"The fact is, Hillary is steady. Hillary is true.  Thatos how real change and real progress happen.u name.
"Donot boo, vote! Booing doesnot help. You need to vote.u name on Donald Trumpos dangerous policies.
"She will be a stateswoman who makes us proud around the world. ... She knows what it takes to be Commander-in-Chief." name on Hillary.
"If your concern is who's going to look out for working families...the other side's got nothing to offer you." name.
"There has never been any man or woman more qualified for this office than Hillary Clinton. That's the truth." name.
"I saw how you can count on her. How she won't back down. How she won't quit." name on Hillary.
"I saw how she treated everybody with respect...that's how you judge somebody. How they treat others when the cameras are off." name.
"Let me tell you, my faith in Hillary Clinton has always been rewarded." name.
"I saw the passion that she feels for anybody who's experienced injustice. ... It was personal to her." name on Hillary.
"I'm here today because I believe in Hillary Clinton. I want you to help elect her as the next President of the United States." name.
uI donot know about you, but weore fired up and ready to go!u iHillary url.
"""In merica, we donot tear each other down, we lift each other up..
.
We build bridges, not walls."" iHillary".
"The world hangs on every word a president says, and Donald Trump is...temperamentally unfit to be our Commander-in-Chief." iHillary.
"Heos a statesmanileading not just our country but the entire world. This is a president who knows how to keep us safe and strong." iHillary.
"When I look at name I see someone whoiin spite of obstruction heos facedistill reaches for common ground and common purpose." iHillary.
Our families and workplaces have changed in the 21st century. It's time for our policiesifrom paid leave to equal payito be updated, too..
Itos wrong that some millionaires can pay a lower tax rate than their secretaries, and weore going to stop it..
Weore going to crack down on companies that ship jobs and profits overseas, and reward the ones that share profits with employees instead..
"Weore going to make college debt-free for all...and help millions of people struggling with existing student debt." iHillary.
"Under name and name weove had 75 straight months of job growth. I want us to see 75 more." iHillary.
"President Obamaos job was to save us from a second Great Depressioniand thatos exactly what he did.u iHillary.
"It means so much to have name support in this campaign. He knows a thing or two about winning elections." iHillary.
"Someone who has never url where he came from. nd Donald, if youore out there tweeting: Itos Hawaii." iHillary on name.
Live from Charlotte: name hits the trail with Hillary for the first time in this campaign. Watch: url.
It's already a full house to hear from name and name this afternoon in Charlotte hashtag url.
"Q: ""Will you condemn David Duke and say that you don't want...white supremacists' [votes]?"".
.
Trump: ""I don't know."".
url.
"In a new interview, name talks about why Hillary has everything it takes to be president..
url.
uSi el lugar donde ests no tiene espacio para tu voz, no tengas miedo de crear tu propio espacioui Hillary en hashtag.
Happy Fourth of July! Today let's celebrate the best of mericaiour freedom, diversity, and the values we share. -H url.
"To be great, we can't be small. We have to be as big as the values that define merica." iHillary url.
Here's to 240 years of progress. url.
Middle-class mericans thought Trump Institute would help them. In reality, it was yet another giant scam. url.
"You have made me a better person and helped me believe I can do anything." url.
" message from name on merica..
url.
Looking forward to hitting the campaign trail together, name url.
Today's attack in Baghdad is another horrific example of ISIS's savagery. We will defeat them. My prayers are with the victims' families. -H.
"Every merican should have the opportunity to live up to their God-given potential..
url.
"We join all those around the world in mourning his loss" iHillary and name on the passing of Elie Wiesel url.
We're not going to turn back the clock on progress. url.
Just like he shouldnot have his finger on the nuclear button, Trump shouldnot have his hands on our economy. url.
Born July 2, 1951, trans activist Sylvia Rivera was an early LGBT leader whose work paved the way for progress. url.
Let's make merica a world leader in manufacturing, again. url url.
The company you keep says a lot about you (maybe no one ever told Donald Trump). url.
Praying for the safety of the hostages in Bangladesh. To the terrorists: We will never succumb to fear and hate. -H.
La evidencia muestra que Trump es un psimo empresario por qu debemos creer l sabr manejar la econom=a del pa=s? url.
You could give a speech to nominate the first woman president at name Enter now for your chance to win. url.
"If the space youore in doesnot have room for your voice donot be afraid to carve out a space of your own." iHillary url.
Trump Institute taught Donald Trump's real business strategy: cheating innocent mericans out of hard-earned money. url.
"Trump says people should have pride in ""Made in the US"" products, but where does he make his?.
.
(Hint: not here.).
url.
Hillary's plan to connect debt relief to entrepreneurship is smart url hashtag start-up rates falling since 70s.
Our economy is always stronger with a Democrat in the White House. url hashtag url.
Show Hillary she can count on you to stand up to Donald Trump. Chip in now: url url.
"No presidential candidate has spent as long fighting for the rights of new mericans as Hillary Clinton..
url.
s a Mexican-merican, I truly fear the consequences of his anti-Mexican rhetoric. This is not funny. url.
Chip in now if you agree with Hillary and name url url.
BREKING: name to join name on the campaign trail in Scranton, P on July 8. RSVP here: url.
pplaud Senate Dems for their strong proposal to help families fleeing violence and persecution in Central merica. url.
"WTCH: 49 celebrities pay tribute to the Orlando victims in new Ryan Murphy produced video with name hashtag.
url.
Heartbroken by the heinous terrorist murder of 13-year-old Hallel riel. No child should be in danger in her home. url.
Pride Month is coming to a close, but our march toward equality continues. Onward. url.
"If Republicans actually wanted to protect women's health, they'd support Planned Parenthoodinot attack it..
url.
"Scenes from New York City Pride with Team Hillary..
url.
Luchar junto al pueblo de PR para poner la econom=a de la Isla de vuelta en un camino de estabilidad y prosperidad..
"I will fight with the people of Puerto Rico to put the islandos economy back on a stable and prosperous path." url.
We're not going back, name url.
uDonald Trump has achance of becoming president." url url.
We're hiring url across the country to bring home a win in November. Get more information and apply now: url.
"Hillary talks early childhood education with a teacher's son:.
.
""Thank your mother for me, would you?"".
url.
We should deploy 5G internet to make sure we have the fastest online connections possible. url.
Bringing on 50,000 new computer science teachers isn't just good for our kids, it's good for our economy: url.
Cool ties, name url.
"They were made in places like:.
.
Mexico.
China.
Vietnam.
Honduras.
Hong Kong.
Taiwan.
South Korea.
Singapore.
Bangladesh.
Oman url.
From Iowa to California, the primary's taken us to nearly every state in the country. url.
We have an obligation to protect an open internet and defend net neutrality: url.
Todayos vote to restore Planned Parenthood funds is a victory. Well done name &amp; the Executive Council for doing the right thing..
In today's vote on Planned Parenthood, the NH Executive Council can choose families or a political agenda. Watching which side they pick. -H.
"Two words: free WiFi..
.
In train stations, airports and other public spaces. url.
Hillary and name are making their first stop together in Charlotte. Text NC to 47246 for more info on their trip! url.
Hillary visited 112 countries as secretary of state. Trump had products made in at least 10 as a businessman. url.
Instead of driving up debt and risking another recession, let's make the economy work for everyone. Here's how: url.
"""You are strong enough not to let yourself remain a victim."" iHillary hashtag.
url.
Live from Los ngeles: Watch Hillary's town hall with name digital content creators. Ui url hashtag.
"ll mericans stand united with the people of Turkey against this campaign of hatred and violence." iHillary url.
New plan: We should let entrepreneurs defer their student loans for up to 3 years Ui url.
Pat Summitt's record is legendary. Her work ethicisecond to none. We need exactly that kind of commitment to end lzheimer's. -H.
"Trump's speaking about outsourcing right now..
.
Hereos one of his shirtsimade in Bangladesh: url url.
49 years later, we celebrate Stonewall as a national monument to the LGBT community's decades of struggle and progress..
Senate Dems are right: Public Health emergencies are not the place to inject harmful partisan policies url.
"I believe that people should have work with purpose and dignity." name explains: url url.
A progressive who gets things done? Make that two. url url.
It's almost as if Trump only cares about himself. url.
Terrorists are taking advantage of the loopholes in our gun laws. Here's how we stop them: url.
Washington DC raises its minimum wage to $15 an hour, giving 114,000 working people a boost. url url.
Hillary Clinton wants to url student debt for entrepreneurs: url url.
By supporting efforts to move to 100% clean energy, name again showed she's the climate leader we need. url.
Donald Trump proves every day that heos not in it for the merican peopleiheos in it only for himself. url.
Today's hashtag decision upholding reproductive rights is a major victoryibut we can't take it for granted. url.
"This election is about values, so let's just do a few: Donald vs. Hillary." name url.
"Thanks to the Children's Health Insurance Program, eight million kids like Kayla are covered. Watch the new ad:.
url.
"It's not complicated: We need our economy to work for everyone, not just the rich or the well-connected..
url.
It's National PTS wareness Day and name is working to create a USPS stamp to assist those affected url.
"5 Things That re Harder Than Registering To Vote, Featuring name hashtag.
url.
"Hereos what I say to voters who may have doubts: No one will fight harder for you and your families than I will.".
"You canot just talk someone into trusting you. Youove got to earn it ... I believe what you say matters." iHillary url.
"Every day, Donald Trump proves that heos not in this for the merican people. Heos in it for himself." iHillary url.
"mericans [are] telling us about their strugglesthey want to be given a chance, a fighting chance." iHillary live from Chicago.
A great day to hit the campaign trail in Ohio with name url.
"""Hillary believes that racism, hatred, injustice, and bigotry have no place in our country."" name.
url.
We are not going to let Donald Trump bankrupt merica the way he bankrupted his casinos..
"Imagine Trump sitting in the Oval Office the next time merica faces a crisis..
.
Imagine him in charge, with your job and savings at stake.".
Trump rails against other countries and talks about making merica great, but his own products are made in places that arenot named merica..
We will fight climate change by making merica the clean energy superpower of the 21st century: url.
We'll reward companies that share profits with employees and pay a good wage. If they can do it for executives, they can do it for workers..
"Letos make sure that Wall Street and the wealthy pay their fair share of taxes..
.
Letos put our families first.".
"We canot let the student debt crisis continue..
.
Weove got to give hard-working students and families relief. url.
"It's wrong that millionaires get more tax cuts while families are facing barriers to success..
.
This election is a chance to make it right.".
"She exposes [Trump] for what he is: temperamentally unfit and totally unqualified to be president." iHillary on name.
"She knows what it takes to beat a thin-skinned bully who is driven by greed and hate.u name on Hillary.
"When Donald Trump says heoll make merica great, he means make it even greater for rich guys just like Donald Trump.u name.
Watch live as Hillary takes the stage with name in Ohio: url.
ll smiles as we count down until name and Elizabeth Warren take the stage in Cincy! hashtag url.
This fight isn't over: The next president has to protect women's health. Women won't be "punished" for exercising their basic rights. -H.
SCOTUS's decision is a victory for women in Texas and across merica. Safe abortion should be a rightinot just on paper, but in reality. -H.
uThe childrenos health program wouldnot be in existence today if we didnot have Hillary pushing for it." url.
"In a volatile world, the last thing we need is a volatile president..
url.
"Continuemos haciendo historia juntos..
url.
Do not throw away your shot. Win tickets to see name with Hillary. Enter here: url url.
We canot stop fighting until all LGBT mericans can live their lives free of prejudice, violence, and hate. url.
"uMi familia ha estado aqu= desde 1731 antes de que fuera los Estados Unidosu irmandina Sifuentes de Texas..
url.
Discrimination against LGBT people is all too commoniand goes against everything we stand for as a country. url.
When you're in office mericans count on you for real solutions. You canot respond with a snarky tweetiyou have to actually deliver results..
Not even a sit-in in Congress could convince Republican leadership to move forward on gun violence prevention. mericans deserve better..
No person should be gunned down while learning, teaching, praying, or dancing. It's time for us to come together to strengthen our gun laws..
"There are more mass shootings in the United States than any other country in the world...We cannot accept this. Not nowinot ever." iHillary.
"We need leaders...who put the interests of the merican people ahead of their personal business interests." iHillary at hashtag.
"Las personas LGBT merecen vivir, trabajar y amar libres de discriminacin y violencia..
url.
name is a champion for LGBT equality. That's why hashtag ui Text PRIDE to 47246 if you are too! uaa url.
Happy hashtag url.
One year ago, love triumphed in our highest court. Yet LGBT mericans still face too many barriers. Let's keep marching until they don't. -H.
Want to be in the room where it happens? Here's your shot: Win tickets to see name with Hillary: url.
"Every LGBT merican deserves to live, work, and marry free from discrimination or violence..
url.
We're with her. url.
Make no mistake, Trump has called for a 'deportation force' that would tear families apart and deport millions. url.
hashtag has progressive principles &amp; high standards on trade; reflects fact many Dems believe TPP doesnot meet bariHRC is one of them..
One year later (still one of our favorite maps). url.
For the first time, hashtag explicitly calls for repealing the Hyde mendment, which restricts womenos access to reproductive rights..
hashtag says mericans should earn at least $15 an hour, citing NYos min wage law &amp; calling for raising &amp; indexing federal min wage..
For the first time ever, hashtag calls for ending mass incarceration and the school-to-prison pipeline, and tackling systemic racism..
hashtag reflects issues Hillary champions, like raising wages, immigration &amp; criminal justice reform &amp; protecting reproductive rights..
"We're going to keep fighting for equality, at home and around the world..
url.
Enter for a chance to win tickets to join name at name on July 12th: url url.
"To the LGBT community: We're with you..
.
Love, name.
url.
You'll tell the story of your night at name with Hillary. Enter to win here: url url.
LGBT seniors have seen so much progress, but still face discrimination. This has to change. url.
In some states, LGBT mericans can get married on Saturday and fired on Monday. That's not who we are. url.
Our thoughts and sympathies are with those impacted by hashtag flooding. Please stay safe. url.
name on the time he marched in NYC's gay pride parade with the First Lady of the United States in 2000..
url.
LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love and acceptanceinot bullying and violence. url.
Good for you, Jensen. Every woman deserves equal pay, no matter what her age. Keep up the hard workiand courage! url -H.
Thank you, name for marking another important milestone on LGBT mericans' march toward equality. -H url.
"Hours after the hashtag Donald Trump was in the U.K..
.
Talking about how he, personally, would benefit..
url.
sked whether he talked to any foreign policy advisors about hashtag Trump says uthere's nothing to talk about" url.
"This time of uncertainty only underscores the need for calm, steady, experienced leadership in the White House." iHillary hashtag.
For anyone shocked by Trump saying depreciation of pound is good for business, this is a person who tried to profit off the housing crisis..
Our first task has to be to make sure that the economic uncertainty created by these events does not hurt working families. hashtag.
"We respect the choice the people of the United Kingdom have made." iHillary hashtag url.
The fate of immigration reformiand millions of undocumented familiesiis in the hands of the next president. url.
Follow along to see our 8 state Snapchat takeover! Ui url url.
...and many of them pay a lower tax rate. url.
"We canot let name bankrupt merica the way he bankrupted his casinos..
url.
Women's health is an economic issue: Every woman deserves access to affordable menstrual products. Bravo, New York. url.
"People in Scotland are not thrilled about Trump coming to their country..
.
We know the feeling..
url.
Thank you, hashtag Your determination has exposed Republican inaction on gun violence and demanded better. We can't give up. -H.
44 years since hashtag passed, truer than ever: ll students deserve equal opportunity, no matter their gender. url.
The Supreme Court's Fisher decision is a win for us all. The doors to higher education should be open to every merican, not just some. -H.
Desgarradora decisin de hashtag de inmigracin podr=a separar 5 millones de familias en riesgo de deportacin. Tenemos que hacer ms..
Today's heartbreaking hashtag immigration ruling could tear apart 5 million families facing deportation. We must do better. -H.
name we will not leave without acting for the victims &amp; families of reckless gun violence. hashtag url.
Rather than debate &amp; vote on common sense gun safety legislation, name has sent House home early for July 4 holiday hashtag.
This is what the hashtag hashtag looks like frm where I'm sitting hashtag hashtag hashtag url.
name want to know a more effective way to end this sit-in? Let us vote our consciences on gun legislation! hashtag.
Estoy indignado por la falta de accin para parar la violencia causada por armas de fuego. Es momento de actuar hashtag hashtag.
We are waiting right now in House chamber to see if our Republican colleagues will allow a vote. hashtag hashtag hashtag.
They are who we're fighting for hashtag url.
Does it look like name are going anywhere?! Consider the floor held. hashtag url.
GOP just recessed House without vote to stop suspected terrorists from getting deadly weapons or universal background checks. hashtag.
On the House floor singing "We shall overcome someday..." hashtag hashtag hashtag.
We cannot give up or give in or give out. We must keep our eyes on the prize. hashtag hashtag url.
Proud of 17 years of progress for those with disabilities under the historic hashtag ruling. Let's keep going. url.
We're looking for fall interns to join us at our Brooklyn HQ for the final stretch of the campaign. pply today: url.
Itos ridiculous that teachers and nurses have a higher tax rate than many hedge fund managers. url.
"You*.
.
*offer not valid for Muslims, women, Latinos, frican mericans, LGBT mericans, middle-class families ... url.
House Republicans may have cut the cameras, but they can't cut off our voices. We have to act on gun violence. -H url.
72 yrs ago today, FDR signs the hashtag creating opportunity for millions of hashtag and merica too. Let's continue its lasting legacy..
Let's celebrate Jo Cox's birthday by carrying on her work and her values. She'll live on through it. hashtag.
No company in merica should be able to pay women less for the work they do. url.
"Campaign Manager Robby Mook is taking over Hillary's Instagram account today! Follow along: url.
url.
Instead of pitting people against each other, we need to enlist everyone in building our country together..
"We canot let Trump bankrupt merica the way he did his casinos..
.
We need a new chapter in the merican Dream i and it canot be Chapter 11.".
name tax cuts for millionaires &amp; billionaires would add more than $30 trillion to our national debt. url.
uProgress is possible  I know Republicans and Democrats can work together, because Iove done it.u iHillary url.
Families shouldnot have to spend more than 10% of their income on child care. url.
Weoll make companies that ship jobs overseas give back tax breaks they received here at home..
"I will make it a national priority for more companies to share profits with employees. On top of, not instead of, good wages." iHillary.
We should support our teachers, not scapegoat them. url.
"Every child should have a path to success:.
Pre-K: url.
School: url.
College: url.
Weore going to invest $20 billion specifically to create jobs for young people, especially in communities of color. url.
uThe heart of my plan will be the biggest investment in merican infrastructure in decades.u iHillary url.
Every merican willing to work hard should be able to find a job that pays enough to support a family..
Too many corporations seem to have url Itos wrong to take taxpayer dollars with one hand and give out pink slips with the other..
"s we Methodists like to say: do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can." iHillary.
Live now from North Carolina: Hillaryos plan to make the economy work for everyone. Watch here. url.
Live on Facebook: Join name name &amp; name to discuss how you can get involved with the campaign Ui url.
This is what real leadership looks like. url.
FCT: No major company has filed for Chapter 11 more often in the last 30 years than name casinos. url.
"""Trump's economic plans would destroy the U.S. economy."" name.
url.
"Hillary took Donald Trump's reckless economic policy to task in Columbus today..
.
It's worth watching: url.
Trump says, uI love playing with debt.u Someone should tell him our economy isnot a game. url.
Donald Trump has no actual plan to create jobs. url.
"u proven leader who shares our values."" name.
.
Why labor unions across industries are backing Hillary: url.
name.
uses name words against him in Columbus speech. url url.
"Trump's plan would cut more taxes for the 120,000 richest families than it would for 120 million working mericans..
url.
name has written a lot of books about business, but they all seem to end at Chapter 11..
url.
We need to build an economy that ensures everyone gets an equal shot and no one is left behind. Join us: url.
In merica, we donot begrudge people being successful i but we know they shouldnot do it by destroying other people. url.
"Imagine him being in charge when your jobs and savings are at stake. Is this who you want leading us in an emergency?u iHillary on Trump.
name only someone whoos never actually faced the consequences of his mistakes would brag, uI play with bankruptcy.u.
"The same people [Trump's] trying to get to vote for him now are people heos been exploiting for yearsu iHillary: url.
Trump has written a lot of books about businessibut they all seem to end at Chapter 11..
uThe last time we opted for Trump-style isolationism, it made the Great Depression longer and more painful.u iHillary.
"Heos giving more away to the 120,000 richest...families than he would to 120 million hardworking people." iHillary on Trump's tax plan.
"""President Trump"" would undo so much of the progress weove made over the past 8 years under President Obama..
.
We can't let that happen.".
uThe full faith and credit of the United States is not something we can just gamble away.u iHillary on Trump's reckless economic plan.
"He says women will start making equal pay as soon as they do as good a job as menias if we arenot already." iHillary on name.
"Donald Trump actually stood on a debate stage in November and said that wages are too high in this country." iHillary.
Donald Trump is proud of his recklessnessithatos his business. But when heos running for president, itos ours..
name declared Donald Trump one of the 10 biggest threats to the global economy. url url.
name and name agree: Trump would put us into a deep recession. url url.
uIoll admitiit's a little wonky, but...I sweat the specifics because they matter.u url url.
"If youore running for president, you should say what you want to do, how youore going to pay for it, and how youoll get it done." iHillary.
"Our president should fight for familiesinot just themselves..
.
Hillary speaks on the economy, live from Ohio: url.
Donald Trump's tax plan would add $30 trillion to the national debt over 20 years. That's "trillion"iwith a "t." url.
Gun violence requires more than moments of silence. It requires action. In failing that test, the Senate failed the merican people..
What is Trump spending his meager campaign resources on? Why, himself, of course. url.
"Trump's economic proposals could produce a prolonged recession...and reduce employment by 3.5 million jobs." name url.
"Trump's gotten rich driving companies into the ground. What will he do to the U.S. economy?.
.
Oh waitiwe know:.
url.
name is rightiDonald Trumpos worldview doesn't reflect our values, and itos not who we are. url.
Itos time to demand more than thoughts and prayers from our elected officials. url hashtag url.
Enough. -H url.
"n overwhelming majority of mericans (and gun owners) support steps to reduce gun violence..
.
 if you're one of them. hashtag.
merica has always been a nation of immigrants and refugees. On hashtag let's reaffirm our commitment to welcoming them. -H.
"Our prayers are not enough to prevent gun violence..
.
Tell your senators to vote to expand background checks tonight: url.
You inspire me too, name Let's all demand action on gun violence prevention: url url.
Tonight, the Senate will vote on commonsense measures to prevent gun violence. Tell your senators you support them: url.
This is just common sense. It's time for Congress to act. url.
"We owe families of gun violence victims more than prayers..
.
Tell your senators to act on gun violence prevention: url.
A behind-the-scenes look at a historic night. url url.
Bottom line from name : name 's economic plans would cause a "lengthy recession." url.
Happy first day of summer. url.
"Gay rights are human rights and human rights are gay rights. Being LGBT does not make you less human..
url.
You'll want to read the story behind this photo. url url.
Shirley was 5 years old when women won the right to vote. Today, she's rooting for the first woman president. url.
t 7:41 M Saturday, our family and hearts expanded with idanos arrival. We are blessed. url.
idan has made two dads very happy this Father's Day. Hillary and I are thrilled for Marc and Chelsea! url.
What a joy being with our new grandson, idan. So grateful. -H url.
Imagine if this was our president. url.
"Hillary remembers her dad on Father's Day..
url.
They may be too young to vote, but these supporters are making their voices heard. url.
Happy Father's Day, name url.
name is right: Climate change hurts the vulnerable most of all. Let's care for our common home. url hashtag.
"""We've got a candidate in Hillary Clinton who is a fighter. We got one tough cookie."" name.
url.
Donald Trump launched his campaign one year ago this week. nd what a year itos been. url.
I've witnessed a lot of special moments as name photographer, but June 7 was something special. url.
uIom supporting Hillary Clinton because sheos a fighter, a fighter with guts.u name to the name url.
Marc and I are overwhelmed with gratitude and love as we celebrate the birth of our son, idan Clinton Mezvinsky..
"If your business or url is hiring and needs someone to get the job done, hire a veteran..
url.
On June 18, 1983, Sally Ride became the first merican woman and first LGBT astronaut to go to space. url.
Gun violence and hate aren't isolatedihomophobia in Orlando, racism in Charleston. We need to fight them together. url.
In the spirit of the hashtag letos bridge our divides, fight for change, and remember that love never fails. url.
We can't stop fighting until every LGBT merican can live life freely, openly, and without fear. url.
One year ago we lost 9 lives in Charleston. 49 in Orlando on Sunday. 26 in Newtown. Too many others. This has to stop. We need to change. -H.
You don't have to be LGBT to stand with the LGBT community. We all have a stake in equality. Thank you, Michael. url.
"Donald Trump says he's ""the real friend"" of the LGBT community..
.
Yeah, no..
url.
Trump has made a big show of supposedly supporting veterans. In reality, he's done the exact opposite. url.
Helpful. url.
Hard to believe it's only been a year since Trump announced his candidacy for president. url.
Hi. url.
"""It's in the quiet moments you see why she does this."" Our latest ad:.
url.
6 babies born w/birth defects from Zika &amp; hundreds more pregnant women w/Zika in US, Congress STILL failing to act. url.
"It is cruel and terrible that her life was cut short by a violent act of political intolerance" iHillary on Jo Cox: url.
Thank you, name Despite our differences, if we stand together, hate can never defeat us. url.
name Thank you. Itos an honor to have the support of someone who's shattered so many glass ceilings. url.
Thanks Chris, for showing what leadership looks like. I hope GOP senators take note. Looking forward to the vote. -H url.
"Hillary helped get health care for 8 million kids. One of the first ads of the general election:.
url.
uHillary Clinton has proven herself as a champion of the labor movement." url.
Working people have spoken, and we proudly endorse name url hashtag.
"One year ago today, name announced his campaign for president..
.
nd what a year it's been..
url.
It's absurd that people with suspected terrorist links can buy a gun in merica, no questions asked. url.
Proud to have name on this team. url.
"Belgium: Donald Trump's favorite ""city."".
url.
Thank you, name Proud to be in this fight with you. url.
Let us never url the victims and their families. They deserve action. hashtag hashtag hashtag url.
Trump dijo que el terrorista naci uun afganou y prohibir la entrada de musulmanesipero el terrorista naci en Queens, NY igual que Trump..
"n ""assault on our values"".
A ""new low"".
""Plays into ISIS's hands"".
.
Newspapers react to Trump's Orlando speech: url.
Miles de familias estn juntas gracias a las acciones de name sobre DC. Protejamos DC/DP y aprobemos una reforma migratoria..
Thousands of families are together thanks to name action on DC 4 years ago. We need to protect DC/DP and pass immigration reform..
Some fights are too important to stay silent. Preventing gun violence is one of them. Stand strong name url.
"Your name presidential nominee responding to a terrorist attack with lies and conspiracy theories..
url.
Donald Trump isnot running a campaign against political correctness. Heos just running a campaign that is against being correct..
Donald Trump is an expert at distracting people from the fact that he has nothing substantive to say for himself. url.
merica has always been a country of "we," not "me." nd we've always been stronger together. url.
" presidential candidate just accused me and thousands of other troops of embezzlement while in a combat zone..
.
url.
Donald Trump just gave us his "plan" for defeating terrorismiconspiracy theories and self-congratulations. url.
Pensando en mis hermanos y hermanas. My heart is broken. In solidarity with these families. hashtag url.
A lot of people are saying Donald Trump is a conspiracy theorist... url.
We just won Washington, D.C.! Grateful to everyone who voted. url.
"When name took office, url left him a note that represents the best of our values..
url.
For 241 years, brave name soldiers have answered the call to serve and protect our nation. Thank you. hashtag url.
name ttacking Muslim mericans is wrong, and it makes it harder for us to defeat terrorism. url.
"n attack on LGBT mericans is an attack on all mericans..
url.
 if you're voting for Hillary today, Washington, D.C. Find your polling location here: url url.
Today's hashtag decision is a big win for consumers, innovation, and freedom of expression on the internet: url.
This is one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Not just for those who look or love or worship one wayifor all..
"We need to work together to keep our country and our citizens safe..
.
None of this will be helped by anything Trump has to offer.".
People canot board planes with full shampoo bottlesibut people being watched by the FBI for terrorism can buy a gun, no questions asked?.
We need a Commander-in-Chief who can grapple with our challenges in all their complexity, with real plans that actually address them..
Trump's statements are liesibut he tells them because he has to distract from the fact that he has nothing substantive to say for himself..
"He said Ioll abolish the 2nd mendment. Wrong. He said Ioll let a flood of refugees into our country without any screening. lso wrong.".
Trump's Muslim ban is wrong, dangerous, and in this instance, nonsensical. The terrorist in Orlando was born in Queensijust like Donald..
"""If Donald suggests I wonot call this threat what it is, he hasnot been listening..
.
But I will not declare war on an entire religion.""".
"It matters what we do, not just what we say. It didnot matter what we called bin Ladeniit mattered that we got bin Laden." iHillary.
mericans donot need conspiracy theories and pathological self-congratulations. We need leadership, common sense, and concrete plans..
"Trump's rhetoric is shameful..
.
It was one thing when he was a reality TV personality. Itos another when heos running for president.".
People of different faiths, backgrounds, sexual orientations, and gender identities are coming together to say: we wonot let hate defeat us..
"I believe that despite those differences of opinion, weore all on the same team...Thereos more that unites us than divides us." iHillary.
"I believe we mericans are capable of protecting Second mendment rights while making sure guns donot fall into the wrong hands." iHillary.
"Yesterday, Trump spoke about the terrorist attack in Orlando..
.
Watch live as Hillary responds: url.
LGBTQ people are Muslims, Jewish, black, Latino, women, immigrants. name divisive rhetoric is wrong. Today especially so..
Gun violence prevention laws might not stop every shooting or terrorist attackibut they will save lives. url.
uUn ataque a cualquier estadounidense, es un ataque a todos los estadounidensesu iHillary tras tragedia en Orlando. url.
If youore too dangerous to get on a plane, you're too dangerous to buy a gun in merica. url.
"""I have no doubt we can meet this challengeaiaif we meet it together."".
.
Hillary's address on the Orlando attack: url.
""" nightmare thatos become mind-numbingly familiar."".
.
Hillary on the deadliest shooting in U.S. history: url.
"Weapons of war like those used in Orlando and San Bernardino have no place on our streets..
url.
Tenemos que unirnos, sentir url juntos. No hay mejor respuesta para los terroristas y a todos aquellos que odian url.
Our diversity isnot a liability in the fight against terrorism. Itos an asset. It makes us stronger. url.
We have to stand together and be proud together. There is no better rebuke to the terrorists and all those who hate. url.
Our open, diverse society is an asset in the struggle against terrorism, not a liability. It makes us stronger..
Weove seen too many examples of the struggle to live freely, openly, and without fear being marked by violence. We have to stand together..
"To all the LGBT people grieving today: you have millions of allies who will always have your back. I am one of them." iHillary.
"The terrorist in Orlando targeted LGBT mericans out of hatred and bigotry..
.
n attack on any merican is an attack on all mericans.".
Inflammatory anti-Muslim rhetoric hurts the vast majority of Muslims who love freedom and hate terror. Itos wrong, and it's dangerous..
Background checks and an assault weapons ban might not stop every attackibut they'll stop some, and save lives. We need to fight for them..
In Orlando and San Bernardino, terrorists used assault weapons like the R-15 to kill mericans. We should make it harder for them to do so..
If the FBI is watching you for suspected terrorist links, you shouldnot be able to just go buy a gun with no questions asked..
We need to stop terrorists from getting the weapons they need to carry out attacks. url.
"s president, I will make identifying and stopping lone wolves a top priority." iHillary on her counterterrorism strategy.
The murder of innocent people always breaks our hearts, scares us, and makes us furious. Now we have to steel our resolve and respond..
"They were sons and daughters, brothers and sisters, and...they all had a lot more to give." iHillary on the Orlando victims.
Watch live: Hillary speaks on the terrorist attack in Orlando Ui url.
"We cannot demonize, demagogue, and declare war on an entire religion...Hate is not the answer to hate." iHillary.
Declaraciones de Hillary Clinton sobre el ataque en Orlando. url.
"This is a time to stand together and resolve to do everything we can to defend our communities and country." iHillary on the attack in FL.
"We need to keep guns like the ones used last night out of the hands of terrorists or other violent criminals." iHillary on the FL attack.
"To the LGBT community: please know that you have millions of allies across our country. I am one of them.u iHillary url.
"This was an act of terror. ... This was also an act of hate." iHillary on the attack in Orlando url.
"""I join mericans in praying for the victims of the attack in Orlando."".
.
Hillary's statement: url.
Despert con la devastadora noticia de FL. Mientras esperamos ms informacin,mis pensamientos estn con los afectados de este horrible acto.
Woke up to hear the devastating news from FL. s we wait for more information, my thoughts are with those affected by this horrific act. -H.
"Donald Trump considers his shuttered casinos a success because HE made millions..
.
A man who thinks that way has no business being president.".
When Trump's casinos failed, he hurt a whole universe of small businesses that never got paid what they were owed. url.
When Trump had to make an $18 million interest payment, his dad had to bail him out by buying $3 million in chips: url.
During a decade when other casinos in tlantic City thrived, Trump's posted huge losses: url url.
Trump the businessman? A total failure. He bankrupted his tlantic City casinos (but pocketed millions for himself): url.
"Sec. Clinton will be the strong environmental champion that we need to lead our country." url.
When Trump goes off his staff's script he insults anyone who challenges him. Judge for his heritage, senator for hers. Rs should disavow. -H.
"Trump University: Pad Donald's pockets and put your own finances at riskiall for the low price of $35,000!.
url.
name is temperamentally unfit to be president and Commander-in-Chief..
url.
The divide between name &amp; Donald Trump on the environment couldn't be more clear: url url.
"Lights, camera, history..
url.
A man with this much contempt and disrespect for women has no business becoming president. url.
name says heoll be uthe best for women.u.
.
Don't think so. url.
"I am the least racist person that youove ever encountered." name url url.
"Sheos a fighter. Sheos out there. Sheos tough." name on Hillary: url url.
Hey name meet part of Hillary's policy team. We're pretty proud of her 201 pages of policy. name url.
"Trump canot say he treats women with respect..
.
(For once, heos right.).
url.
Thanks, name Biden! Your support is a BIG deal. -H url.
"uElla tiene la valent=a, la compasin y el corazn para realizar el trabajou. Mira el mensaje del presidente Obama..
url.
Weore not just going to break the glass ceiling. Weore going to break down all the barriers that hold back women and their families..
"Trump has called women upigs,u udogs,u and udisgusting animals.u.
.
We can't even count on him to respect womenimuch less protect our rights.".
"Trump says he'd be ""the best for women."".
.
nyone who'd defund name and wipe out safe, legal abortion has no idea whatos best for women.".
Laws that restrict access to abortion donot make women less likely to seek itithey just make women less safe. url.
Defending womenos health means defending access to safe, legal abortion for all who need itinot just women who can afford it..
The Hyde mendment restricts the reproductive rights of low-income womenidisproportionately women of color. We need to repeal it now..
Ever notice the politicians who oppose birth control and abortion also oppose policies that make it easier to raise a childilike paid leave?.
uBeing able to plan their families not only saved womenos livesiit also transformed them.u iHillary to name.
"Today, I want to start by saying something you donot hear often enough: Thank you.u iHillary to Planned Parenthood.
name to name Donald Trump cannot be the one who leads the United States of merica..
url.
"We're hiring across the country to bring home a win in November. pply to join our team: url.
url.
uIom ready to jump in this fight and make sure that Hillary Clinton is the next president" name url.
Thank you, name url.
Proud to have the support of name woman who is Trump's exact opposite: honest, decent, and deeply concerned for working families. -H.
Thanks, Obama. url.
name endorsing Hillary on name ""She's a fighter."".
url.
Trump "doesnot care who gets hurt as long as he makes a profit off it. That cannot be the person who leads the United States" name.
uIom supporting Hillary Clinton because sheos a fighter, a fighter with gutsu name url.
"When we come together...we wonot just win in Novemberiweoll build on the progress weove made." name url.
"""I know how hard this job can be. Thatos why I know Hillary will be so good at it."" name.
url.
Honored to have your support. url.
"Iove seen her judgment, toughness, and commitment to our values up close. ... I'm with her." name url.
"Our elections should be shaped by voters' voicesinot bought and sold by corporations &amp; special interests" iHillary: url.
"On virtually every issue, Secretary Clinton stands with working mericans and their families." name url.
El presidente Obama anuncia su apoyo para Hillary Clinton. "Nunca ha habido alguien tan calificado para la presidencia"..
"I know how hard this job can be. Thatos why I know sheoll be so good at it." name url.
We can't wait to welcome back President Barack Obama and name to Wisconsin on Wednesday! hashtag url.
"Iom with her, Iom fired up, and I canot wait to get out there and campaign for Hillary." name url.
Delete your account. url.
"""Sheos got the courage, the compassion, and the heart to get the job done."".
.
Watch President Obama endorse Hillary..
url.
Honored to have you with me, name I'm fired up and ready to go! -H.
President Obama endorses Hillary: "I donot think thereos ever been someone so qualified to hold this office." url.
We have to make sure climate denial does not find a home in the White House. url.
"This Oakland entrepreneur is doing more than running a small businessihe's changing lives..
url.
History &gt; bedtime. url.
Sierra Club has endorsed name for president! Read our statement: url.
"Donald Trump's School of Philanthropy:.
1. Pledge money to causes.
2. Do nothing.
3. Cut a check only if you get caught.
url.
uItos a simple but powerful idea: We believe that we are stronger together.u iHillary url.
A note from Hillary. url.
My 8 year old said "See Mom, it's true, anything is possible." hashtag name url.
A headline 227 years in the making. url url.
This M I told my 5-yo daughter we could elect the first woman President. She said, uOK, Ioll be the 2nd woman President then.u hashtag.
History. url url.
Front pages from around the country on a big day. url url.
If Hillary could go back in time and tell anyone she'd been nominated for president, it would be her mom. url.
Speaking is hard for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: "Madam President." hashtag.
WTCH: name gets emotional as she looks out over cheering crowd before her speech with name url.
"Letos keep making history, together..
url.
Thank you, California! url.
Donot let anyone tell you that great things canot happen in merica. url.
I keep saying Hillary is the ultimate changemaker, and tonight she proved it. I couldn't be more proud. History made. hashtag.
"Donot let anyone tell you great things canot happen in merica. Barriers can come down. Justice &amp; equality can win..
url.
Text CONGRTS to 47246 to tell Hillary you're proud to be by her side all the way to the White House. url.
Thank you. url.
We made history tonightibut we have more work to do. Chip in if you've got Hillary's back: url.
"This campaign is about making sure there are no ceilingsino limitsion any of us." iHillary hashtag url.
Wish Mom could have been here to see tonight. url.
"On the very day Mom was being born in Chicago, Congress was passing the 19th mendment to the Constitutionigiving women the right to vote.".
"We are stronger when we respect each other, listen to each other, and act with a sense of common purpose." iHillary.
This election isnot about the same old fights between Democrats and Republicansiitos about who we are as mericans. url.
We should lift each other upinot tear each other down. To be great, we canot be small. We have to be as big as the values that define us..
Unity is better than division, empowerment is better than resentment, and bridges are better than walls. url.
uDonald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president and Commander-in-Chief.u iHillary.
"Itos a simple but powerful idea..
.
We are fairer together..
.
We are better together..
.
We are stronger together. url.
"Whether you supported me in this primary, or Senator Sanders, we all need to keep working toward that better, fairer, stronger merica.".
"s your president, I will always have your back." iHillary.
We reached this moment thanks to the struggle and sacrifice of generations of women and men before us..
For the first time in our history, a woman will be a major partyos nominee for President of the United States. url.
Watch live as Hillary takes the stage in Brooklyn Ui url.
So proud of you, Mom &amp; grateful little girls can grow up knowing they can run for president url.
Ready. url.
Thanks to you, we made history tonight. Celebrate with a free magnet: url.
Tonight's only possible because millions of url volunteers, and donors fought for this campaign. Thank you. url.
Tonight, we can say with pride that, in merica, there is no barrier too great and no ceiling too high to break. url.
To every little girl who dreams big: Yes, you can be anything you wantieven president. Tonight is for you. -H url.
"Let's build an merica that respects and embraces the potential of every last one of us..
url.
"""lthough we weren't able to shatter that highest, hardest glass ceiling...it's got about 18 million cracks in it."".
url.
Eight years ago today. url.
Hoy es tu d=a de votar por Hillary.  esto y djale saber a tus amigos: hashtag url.
C, MT, NJ, NM, ND, and SD, it's your day to head to the polls.  this if youore voting for Hillary. url.
WTCH: name tells name she voted for name in the hashtag and is "proud to endorse her" url.
 if you're ready to make history. url.
"Estamos al borde de un momento histrico, pero todav=a tenemos trabajo que hacer..
.
Sigamos luchando por cada voto: url.
Happy birthday to a friend and mentor, Marian Wright Edelman. Your example of service inspires us all. url.
To everyone who's worked so hard, thank you. Let's go win this thing. url.
What she said.ueaue Letos have a great turnout tomorrow! url.
Let's finish this primary strong and head into the general election together: url.
"We are on the brink of a historic moment, but we still have work to do..
.
Let's keep fighting for every vote: url.
Weore flattered, name but we've got primaries to win. C, MT, NM, ND, NJ, SD, vote tomorrow! url.
Trump is intensifying his bigoted attacks on Judge Curiel's Latino heritageiand belittling his staff in the process: url.
"Recuerda apoyar a Hillary maana con tu voto.  esto y djale saber a tus amigos:.
hashtag url.
Iove taken over name Snapchat, encouraging voters to support her in the C primary. dd: url.
"There's only one candidate who can step into the Oval Office and lead on day one. url.
url.
"Nobody's going to be left in this country that he's exempted from insults." iHillary on Trump in California: url.
"33,000 people die from gun violence each year..

We can save a lot of these lives..
url.
"Hillary Clinton is the better candidate to take on Trump" name url.
72 years after hashtag let's not just eulogize the brave men who gave their lives. Let's honor them by defending the values they fought for..
Donald Trump should come out of the towers he names after himself and actually talk and listen to people. url.
name bigoted comments about a Latino judge are so disgusting, even other Republicans are offended..
url.
We just won Puerto Rico! Gracias a la Isla del Encanto por esta victoria! url.
"""We must stand against hate wherever it rears its ugly head."" iHillary in 2000.
url.
s we begin Ramadan, I wish all Muslims a blessed time of reflection, family, and good health. Ramadan Mubarak. -H.
The president's job is to take care of our men and women in uniformiwhile they serve and when they come home. url.
A preview of President name that proves we canot let him anywhere near the Situation Room. url.
Urnas en Puerto Rico cierran a las 3pm. Si llegas a la fila en o antes de las 3pm tienes el derecho a votar. No te salgas..
"Two years ago, my son was killed by a mass shooter. Iove never spoken about it publicly until now." iCaryn Michaels url.
Puerto Rico! Hoy es tu d=a de ir a votar por Hillary. Comparte esto y djale saber a tus amigos: hashtag url.
"These California ESL students are using Hillary's 1995 speech in Beijing to learn English..
url.
BREKING: Clinton is projected winner in U.S. Virgin Islands Dem caucus url hashtag url.
This is what Democrats united to beat name look like. Get ready, Donald i we're coming. url.
It'd be all too easy for Trump to roll back the progress we've made on LGBT rights. We can't give him the chance. url.
"Incre=ble..
url.
It's time to judge Donald Trump by his words and his deeds. nd they make him unfit to be President of the United States..
In merica, it doesnot matter where your parents were born or what color your skin is. We should be judged by words and deedsinot our race..
Donald Trumpos not just wrong about Judge Curieliheos wrong about merica. Heos wrong about what makes this country great..
"Judge Curiel is as much of an merican as I am, and he's as much of an merican as Donald Trump is." iHillary.
Trump said the judge presiding over a lawsuit against Trump U. should be disqualified from his job because of his uMexican heritage.u.
Muhammad li really was The Greatestiunmatched not just in power and skill, but also in courage and conscience. Thinking of his family. -H.
This week, we saw the REL name Which story appalled you the most?.
Lying about veterans, his business, and his own wordsiand that wasn't even the worst thing Trump said this week. url.
"El emocionante momento cuando name pudo votar por primera vez. Felicitaciones!.
url.
name HF staffer. DREMer. U.S. citizen..
.
First time voter..
url.
Muslims and Mexican immigrants serve with distinction in the U.S. military. Trump could learn something about being an merican from them..
Trump no tiene el derecho de definir quin es y no es parte de este pa=s. Nos definen los valoresino la intolerancia..
"merica is a country of diverse beliefs and heritages. That makes us strong, regardless of what Donald thinks..
url.
When Trump insults Muslims or immigrants, he should remember that Muslims and immigrants serve in our armed forces. url.
Hillary Clinton is the better candidate to take on Trump url url.
name "ideas" are really just a series of bizarre rants, personal feuds, and outright lies. url.
"Q: ""Saying [a judge] can't do his job because of his raceiis that not the definition of racism?"".
Trump: ""No."" url.
Trump is attacking a judge based on his heritage because Trump thinks *he's* the victim of bias here. url.
Itos not hard to imagine name leading us into a war just because somebody got under his very thin skin. url.
Let's create jobs by making the boldest infrastructure investments since we built the interstate highway system. url.
name ""She's not caricaturing Donald Trump...she's just quoting him directly, and that's deadly."".
url.
Hillary schooled Donald Trump on foreign policy yesterday. Miss the speech? Catch up on some of the highlights: url.
No, Donald. Esto no es un uconflicto de intersuiel problema eres t. url.
"Every time Trump loses his temper, imagine him in the Situation Room making life-or-death decisions on our behalf..
url.
The choice is clear: Hillary Clinton is the only candidate who consistently stands with gun safety. hashtag url.
We can never let Republicans cut or privatize Social Securityiwe should protect and expand it. Thanks, name url.
We will never be silenced or intimidated by the gun lobby. Honored to have name &amp; name support. -H url.
You literally said all those things. url url.
"Donald Trump's foreign policy team: one ""very good brain"" with very thin skin..
url.
Recordatorio para Mr. Trump. url.
Some of the (many, many) reasons Donald Trump isn't fit to be Commander-in-Chief. url.
"Donald Trump's foreign policy is already making mericans less safe, and he's not even president (yet)..
url.
busive payday lenders have preyed on mericans for too long. name new rule will protect families; the next president should do the same..
Donald Trump has never negotiated a ceasefire, but he can throw a mean pageant! url.
"ui Supports nuclear proliferation.
ui lienates our allies.
ui Cozies up to dictators.
.
Trump's foreign policy is...chaos. url.
If we aren't doing everything we can to prevent hashtag then we're not doing nearly enough. url.
"What happens to the moral example we setifor the world and for our own childreniif our president engages in bigotry?.
url.
"Donald Trump is not someone who should ever have the nuclear codes..
url.
Donot let anyone tell you that merica isnot great. Donald Trumpos got merica all wrong..
Imagine if he had not just his Twitter account at his disposal when heos angry, but mericaos entire arsenal. url.
The tools Donald Trump brings to the tableibragging, mocking, composing nasty tweetsiwonot do the trick..
mericaos network of allies is part of what makes us exceptional. nd our allies deliver for us every day..
Weore not a country that cowers behind walls. We lead with purpose, and we prevail. url.
We cannot put the security of our children and grandchildren in Donald Trumpos hands. We cannot let him roll the dice with merica..
Trump isnot just incoherent; heos dangerous. Heos not just unprepared; heos temperamentally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief..
Watch now: Hillary on why mericaiand the worldican't afford Trump as Commander-in-Chief Ui url url.
Important news. Many thanks to name name &amp; all who played a role in this accomplishment hashtag url.
"There's only one word for Trump's approach to foreign policy and national security: chaos..
url.
"I think Hillary will go down as one of the finest secretaries of state we've had." name url.
uItos O.K., just max out your credit card." iTrump University on how to pay for classes url.
Here's what you need to know about Trump's "university." url.
What the movement for LGBT equality has taught us: with courage and love, there's nothing we can't do. Happy Pride Month. Let's fight on..
June is Nat'l Caribbean-merican Heritage Month, recognizing the richness of hashtag culture &amp; strong connections that mend us together..
"Trump University was a vehicle for name to exploit vulnerable mericans for his own gain..
url.
"Trump University students entrusted Trump with their futures, and he scammed them..
.
He'd do the same to our country. url.
s we celebrate 100 years of the name Hillary has a plan to preserve merica's 'best url.
"Trump himself is a fraud..
.
He's trying to scam merica the way he scammed all those people at Trump University..
url.
FCT: Trump University identified those most vulnerable and then targeted them with predatory marketing tactics. url.
The Trump University con says a lot about Trump. If you can't trust him with your personal financesihow can we trust him with our country?.
Trump's candidacy is built on his business "credibility." But his business record matches his character: His only concern is his own profit..
It's one thing to sell steaks using a name as a marketing ploy. Trump's company intentionally put people at risk. url.
Trump University employed instructors with no experience and lied to sell outrageously expensive packages. In a word: fraud..
nother Trump University practice, according to its own employees: target struggling families to fleece them. url.
Some of Trump University's tactics: push people to take on debt, cash out retirement, max out credit cardsiwhatever it took to buy classes..
"The gist: Trump's for-profit university deceived &amp; exploited students to take their money..
.
nd he has the gall to call the media ""sleazy.""".
New documents confirm Trump "University" was a scam that preyed on families to make money. Cautionimay cause nausea. url.
Here's what I know. Donald Trump is a phony, a fraud. His promises are as worthless as a degree from Trump University. (1/2).
The actions of Trump University employees to prey on the poor and naive are just completely repulsive. url.
Trump U is devastating because it's metaphor for his whole campaign: promising hardworking mericans way to get ahead, but all based on lies.
Trump University's own employees described it as a "scam.u url url.
Trump University was a fraudulent scheme used to prey upon those who could least afford it. url url.
A takedown of Trump's "stunningly misguided" views on the Paris climate deal, from the guy who negotiated it. url.
"Hillary Clinton, with her long experience ... will be prepared to lead our country on day one." name url.
"You never know what you'll see at a Hillary rally..
url.
Taking care of our veterans is part of our solemn duty as mericans: url url.
Hillary knows she'd make history as the first woman presidentiand that it's about much more: url url.
"First: the name.
Now: name.
.
Here's why Californians are voting for Hillary on June 7..
url.
"The future is at stake. nd thatos why weore with her." name on its first-ever presidential endorsement url.
"spiring Commander-in-Chief name has some ideas about prisoners of war. (Heos not a big fan)..
url.
Our service members and their families deserve more than empty words. Let's give them the support they need: url.
"uI like people that werenot captured, ok?u.
.
Trump has something to say about prisoners of war..
url.
"I want to be sure that it is Hillary Clinton who takes the oath of office, not Donald Trump." i name url.
Not quite! You got bad publicity for scamming vets and then lying about it. But close! url.
name doesn't like prisoners of waribut he wants to be your Commander-in-Chief..
url.
Millions around the world are forced into human trafficking. We can't rest until they're free. url hashtag.
Major environmental group makes first ever endorsement of Hillary Clinton url.
10 never-before-seen photos of Hillary from the trail in 1992. url.
Not only does Trump deny climate change, he's now denying that the drought in California is even happening. What? url.
"Gold Star families like Betsyos have paid the ultimate price for our freedom. They deserve our eternal thanks..
url.
Our fallen heroes deserve our profound gratitude for giving their lives to protect our freedom, today and every day. hashtag -H.
The doption and Safe Families ct helped thousands of kids find loving familiesiincluding this one. url.
El mantra de Trump: Beneficiarse sin importar a los dems. url.
Our most important task is making sure we give our kids a better life. That's the promise of merica. url.
"Watch Hillary wonk out with a nurse in New Jersey over solving one of the world's most serious problems..
url.
Disgusting. url.
Some on the other side may say our best days are behind us. Let's prove them wrong. url.
"""Pregnancy is...certainly an inconvenience for a business."" iDonald Trump.
.
Here's Hillary's take Ui.
url.
"Donald Trump thinks workplace pregnancy is an ""inconvenience"" to businesses..
.
(He could be your next president.) url.
From ripping off veterans to demeaning women, Trump spent the week insulting just about everyone: url.
"Donald Trump thinks climate change is a uhoax.u.
.
President Trump would destroy our ability to combat it..
url.
"$25 billion could pay for:.
.
1,500 new schools..
Clean energy to power 5 million homes..
.
or....
.
Trump's wall: url.
If fighting for equal pay, paid leave and affordable child care is playing the "woman card," well... url.
"1 de cada 4 personas en Puerto Rico podr=a contraer el Zika este ao. Esto es lo que.
podemos hacer para combatirlo. url.
"The first in a new series: a message from your potential next presidention pregnancy..
url.
"""I don't think a nation can be great that turns its back on the poor and the unfortunate."" iHillary in 1994 hashtag.
url.
"What we need: bridges, schools, a clean energy grid..
.
What Trump wants: a wall. url url.
Couldn't agree more. url.
Because climate change has one major impact that, for Trump, is awkwardly personal... url.
"Donald Trump says he ""cherishes women."".
.
Just not if they're working and pregnant. url url.
"Brian Williams says all you need to know about the GOP nominee for president..
url.
Born on this day in 1951, Dr. Sally Ride was the first merican woman &amp; first LGBT astronaut in space. hashtag url.
La nica forma de enfrentar a un "bully" es unindonos. Nosotros somos los nicos que podemos detener que Trump llegue a la Casa Blanca..
uNow we know what a ogood resulto is to Donald Trumpihe gets his, and you get hurt.u iHillary.
uDonald Trump said profiting off working families getting kicked out of their homes &amp; losing their jobs would be a ogood result.ou iHillary.
"uWeove got to do more to raise familieso incomes..

We can start by raising the federal minimum wage.u iHillary url.
Happening now: Watch Hillary speak at the name conference in Las Vegas Ui url url.
Ui url url.
"When the economy crashed, families saw their homes foreclosed and savings disappear..
.
Trump saw a chance to profit. url.
Thereos nothing more important than protecting our kids. If we fail at that, it doesnot matter what we get right. url.
El muro de Trump en la frontera costar=a al menos unos $25 mil millones. Lo que podr=amos hacer en lugar de su plan. url.
name trying to profit off people losing their homes isn't the ""kind of thinking our country needs."".
url.
"So, name wall would cost $25 billion..

Here's what else we could do with that money..
url.
hashtag endorses name for president. url.
With the money Trump would waste on his wall, we could help a lot of families by building infrastructure we need. url.
"Getting federal contractors to disclose emissions=important step for hashtag transparency. Good move, name.
 url.
Donald Trump is fueling conspiracy theories out on the campaign trail. Can you imagine that in the Situation Room? url.
LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve loveinot harmful "conversion therapy." Thanks name url.
The name business model: exploit anyone or anything he can to turn a quick buck. url.
Excited to be back with a good friend. Watch name today at 4 pm ET. url.
"Trump's wall on the border would likely cost at least $25 billion..
.
Some things we could do instead: url.
We have to build on the ffordable Care ct and continue our march toward making sure every single merican has health coverage..
Donald Trump doesn't seem to actually care about making merica great so much as he seems to care about making himself look great..
Weore stronger together. When we embrace immigrants, not denigrate them. When we build bridges, not walls..
Donald Trump has spent his career looking to turn a profit, no matter who gets hurt in the process. url.
Trump bet against merican families in the housing crash. Now he says its the "kind of thinking our country needs." url.
"Mientras 5 millones de personas perd=an sus hogares, Trump esperaba enriquecerse de este desplome a costa de ellos..
url.
"Millions of families saw their life savings destroyed in the Great Recession..
.
Trump saw it as a chance to cash in. url.
name rooted for the housing crash that caused 5 million mericans to lose their homes. url.
Big win for those who think we should make it easier, not harder, to vote (which really should be all of us). url -H.
Hillary's live on name Facebook page! Watch now: url url.
In Trumpos world, a ugood resultu means Trump gets his and working families get hurt. We're better than that..
Trying to profit off of people losing their homes isn't the "kind of thinking our country needs." url.
We need a president who's fighting to raise incomes for all mericans, not one who tries to profit at their expense. url.
Donald Trump could bankrupt merica like he bankrupted his companies. Let's make sure he never gets the chance: url.
Trump prioritizing his own gain over mericans' well-being isn't new, but it is telling: The only person he'll fight for is himself..
This wasn't an anomaly for Trump. His economic plan helps millionaires and hurts middle-class families. He'd let Wall Street run wild again..
How cruel do you have to be to actually root for a crisis that would devastate millions of families, all to pad your own pockets?.
"Millions of familiesidisproportionately black and Latino familiesilost homes, jobs, and savings..
.
Trump tried to profit at their expense.".
Right before the housing market crashed, name said he hoped it would happenibecause he could make money off of it..
"When Trump got his wish for a housing crash, millions of mericans lost their homes..
.
This guy can't be president. url.
When Donald Trump wins, you lose. url url.
"The 2008 crash caused millions of mericans to lose their jobs and homes..
.
In 2006, Trump rooted for it to happen. url.
"While merican families suffered, Donald Trump tried to cash in..
.
url.
"Millions of mericans lost jobs and homes in the 2008 crash. A man who hoped for it has no business being president..
url.
There's so much more that unites us than divides us. It's time to come together to stop Donald Trump. url.
We can't defeat ISIS with bigotry and bluster. url.
" Donald Trump presidency would pull us backward on nearly every issue we care about..
.
We can't let that happen..
url.
When we work together, nothing can stand in our way. url.
"The lesson of our history, through good times and hard times, is that weore stronger together." iHillary url.
uThe only thing standing between Donald Trump and the Oval Office is all of us.u iHillary.
"If fighting for equal pay, paid family leave, and affordable child care is playing the 'woman card,' then deal me in" iHillary to the name.
Donald Trump thinks mericans are being paid too much and has hired union-busting firms to break up url campaigns on his properties..
The labor movement pioneered the basic bargain that made merica great: If you work hard and do your part, you should be able to get ahead..
"You are often unsung heroes. nd I want you to know this: Your fights are my fights." iHillary to name members in Detroit.
Tune in to watch Hillary address the 2016 name International Convention. url url.
name Nobody knows better than unions that weore stronger together. Honored to join you all in the fight for working families..
Unions helped build the middle class, so when Republicans attack unions, they're attacking millions of mericans. url.
"""She taught me resilience, courage, and the power of love and kindness."" iHillary on her mom.
url.
"There are too many parents across the country with stories like this one..
url.
Education should be about building a brighter future, not a lifetime of debt. url.
uMentiroso", "fraude", uxenfobo" y otras cosas que l=deres republicanos dicen sobre Trump. url.
Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, for as long as you can. url.
"Unlike Donald Trump, I will not pander to the gun lobby. We will not be silenced and we will not be intimidated." iHillary.
"I believe we have a moral obligationto stand up against systematic racism." iHillary at the name dinner.
These moms want to make sure no other family has to lose a child to senseless violence. url.
We can't accept this as "normal." hashtag url.
Para muchos, los ingresos ya no rinden tanto como antes. url.
This week, Donald Trump proved just how dangerous he'd be as president. url.
"Donald Trump is questioning Hillary's qualifications to be president. Let's dig into that..
url.
"Too many moms have to go back to work too soon after giving birth..
url.
Hillary Clinton tiene un plan para que todos puedan salir adelante. url.
Republican lawmakers in Oklahoma voted to make it a felony to perform an abortion: url.
Op-ed by Hillary Clinton: Child care now costs more than rent. Hereos how to fix this crisis. url.
Speaking is hard for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: "Madam President." hashtag url.
"Hillary nerds out with a nurse in New Jersey. url.
url.
"The United States presidency requires steadiness as well as strength and smarts..
.
Donald Trump is not qualified. url.
You're wrong, name We can uphold Second mendment rights while preventing senseless gun violence. url.
hashtag would have been 20 years old today. My thoughts are for his mother today. hashtag hashtag.
"Congratulations on becoming a U.S. citizen, licia. Enjoy casting that vote..
url.
We need a president who will unite leaders around the world to defeat ISIS, not one who insults and alienates them. url.
"Dear Congress,.
.
Let's get this done..
.
Thanks,.
.
The vast majority of mericans url.
nother day, another shameful move by House GOP to roll back anti-discrimination protections for LGBT employees. url.
"Is Hillary qualified to be president?.
.
Take this helpful quiz to find out: url.
"n estimated 1 in 4 people in Puerto Rico could get Zika this year..
.
Here's what we can do to combat this threat: url.
A candidate who roots for his own gain at the expense of merican families isn't just heartless. He's disqualified. url.
"Donald Trump's plan to ban Muslims from entering the United States will make defeating terrorists more difficult..
url.
"This campaign is about breaking down barriers, but this silo is pretty awesome..
url.
Hillary sent me to Puerto Rico to learn more about Zika. Today's Senate vote for funding to combat it is critical. url.
"""Investing in the health and education of women...is essential to improving global prosperity."" iHillary hashtag.
url.
If you cite supporting torture and hosting pageants as foreign policy "qualifications," your definition needs work. url.
This Nat'l hashtag Day of ction, we must commit to fighting the systemic racism &amp; sexism that women of color face every day in merica..
Un recordatorio importante. url.
The safety of our kids is more important than the interests of the NR. Our leaders should act like it. url.
"fter 9/11, the Government offered grants to help struggling small businesses..
.
Donald Trump took them for himself. url.
El voto del Senado hoy sobre Zika es un paso importante para combatirloipero no es suficiente. Los republicanos deber=an aprobar presupuesto.
"Question: ""Do you think Donald Trump is qualified to be president?"".
.
""No, I do not."" iHillary.
url.
"Everybody gets knocked down in life. The real test is whether you get back up, dust yourself off, and keep going." iHillary.
"Trump took out a field that couldnot criticize him on issues because they fundamentally agreed with him." iHillary on the GOP primary.
uIom going after him exactly on those issues and statements that are divisive and dangerous.u iHillary on name.
"The threat that Donald Trump poses is so dramatic to our country, to our democracy." iHillary on name.
"I know how hard this job is. You need steadiness as well as strength and smarts... Donald Trump is not qualified." iHillary on name.
"When you run for president of the United States, the entire world is watching.u iHillary on name dangerous rhetoric.
"""Do you think Donald Trump is qualified to be president?"" name.
.
""No, I do not."" iHillary".
"It sends a message of disrespect and makes the situation inside those countries more difficult." iHillary on Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric.
"We have to put everything we can toward the goal of defeating ISIS, protecting ourselves, our friends, and our partners." iHillary on name.
We can't sit by while extreme politicians attack women's basic rights. Not only is this unconstitutionaliit's wrong. url.
Today's Senate vote is a necessary step to combat the spread of Zikaibut it's not enough. Republicans in Congress should fully fund this. -H.
"Donald Trump named 11 judges he would consider nominating to the Supreme Court..
.
Here's what's at stake. url.
"""Speaking is hard for me, but come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President."" name.
url.
pply today &amp; join the team thatos going to elect the first woman president name is hiring: url url.
 y solo es mircoles. url.
"Two Kentucky churches came together for a special service..
url.
(It's only Wednesday.) url.
Los trabajadores no han recibido un aumento en aosiHillary tiene un plan para subir los salarios. url.
merica has always been about working together to get things done. url.
The first openly gay leader of a U.S. military branchia milestone we can all be proud of. Congrats, name url.
name doesn't want you to see what's in his tax returns. Wonder why that could be?.
url.
You don't need to see who's on Trump's list to know what his Supreme Court would look like. url.
Thank you, name for making sure millions of mericans receive the overtime pay they deserve. -H url.
"What's Donald Trump hiding in his tax returns? Only he knows..
url.
Let's make it easier to raise a family in merica. url url.
It's middle-class families that need a raiseinot millionaires and billionaires. url.
Thanks for having our back, Kentucky. url.
Hillary just won Kentucky, but this election is just getting started. Chip in now if you've got her back: url.
We just won Kentucky! Thanks to everyone who turned out. Weore always stronger united. url url.
Until Trump releases his tax returns, we can't know what he's hiding. But we can infer. url url.
Latest reckless idea from Trump: gut rules on Wall Street, and leave middle-class families out to dry. url.
On the International Day gainst Homophobia and Transphobia, let's recommit to ending violence and hate against LGBT people worldwide..
For too many families, paychecks aren't stretching as far as they used to. Let's change that. url.
"Who benefits from Trump's tax plan?.
.
Billionairesiand millionaires like him. url url.
62 years after Brown v. Board, we still have too many segregated schools. We have to ensure equal opportunity for all of our kids..
Does Trump pay his fair share in taxes? s long as he keeps refusing to release his tax returns, voters won't know. url.
It's Primary Day for Kentucky and Oregon.  this if youore voting for Hillary. url.
"Being president isn't like being on a reality show..
.
We can't afford a candidate who treats it like one. url.
Making it harder to vote goes against everything we stand for as mericans. Why would you brag about it? url.
Conoce cmo Hillary ha luchado durante varias dcadas por las familias, mujeres y nios. url url.
Weove got to stop giving companies incentives to move jobs overseas. url hashtag url.
Every woman, no matter where she works, deserves birth control coverage. This shouldn't be a question. hashtag -H.
"Trump empez su campaa diciendo que los mexicanos son ""violadores"" y traen udrogasu y ucrimenu..
.
No se ha detenido. url.
Join name name name name Stevie Wonder, and Hillary for a concert you won't url url.
Whenever you read about Trump's reckless foreign policy, imagine him in the Situation Room. url url.
The merican auto industry just had its best year ever. So yes, we can bring merican manufacturing back. url.
Donald Trump's spent his whole career avoiding paying his taxes--and leaving middle class families with the bill. url.
"Every presidential nominee since 1976 has released their tax returns, but Trump has refused..
url.
uIn politics and in life, ignorance is not a virtue.u name url.
"""Implementar la idea [de Trump] a los Estados Unidos destruir=a la econom=a"" name.
url.
Incomes havenot gone up for most mericans in about 15 years. Weove got to fix that. url.
"""What can we do for women that doesn't make them a liability because they're pregnant?"".
url.
8 ways we can give middle-class families a raise, not one of which is cutting taxes for billionaires. url.
Hillary was name first student commencement speaker in 1969. Read the speech: url url.
"Made a new friend in Ohio..
url.
Worried about a Trump presidency? Here are four things you can do to prevent it: url.
"Why hasn't name released his tax returns? Looks like he's out of excuses..
url.
FCT: Donald Trump would force schools to allow guns in classrooms on his first day in office. url.
Donald Trump wants to spend $3 trillion (yes, with a T) on tax cuts for people like him. url url.
We've got to do everything we can to make it easier for people like Frankie to reach their potential. url.
Happening now Ui join name senior policy advisors (and working moms) for a Q&amp; on child care and work/life balance: url.
We can do a lot to help working parents. Join a Facebook Q&amp; on Hillary's new child care plan at 3pm ET: url.
"The annual cost of child care is higher than a yearos tuition at the average 4 year public college." name url.
It's a simple idea: Those who have benefited the most from our economy should pay their fair share in taxes. url.
uYouore gonna make the same if you do as good a job.u iDonald Trump on women and equal pay url.
Even Republicans can't come to terms with the idea of "President Trump." url.
You can tell a lot about someone by the company they keep. url.
"Hillary's advice to name graduates in 1992: ""Throw yourself into the world, and make your voice count."" hashtag.
url.
Nurses care for our families like their own. It's time we returned the favor. hashtag url.
Who benefits from Donald Trump's tax plan? Billionaires like Donald Trump. url url.
"""I donot want mericans to feel left out and left behind. I want the merican Dream to be alive and well."" iHillary.
url.
HF url is hiring for multiple roles to build the team that will win this election. Here's how you can join: url.
Hillary Clinton has a plan for you to spend a lot less on day care url.
"Trump stood by his proposed Muslim ban just last week. Now he's trying to backpedal. Don't let him..
url.
Sybrina, you and all mothers of gun violence victims have taught us hate will never win. Thinking of you today. url -H.
"""We want to bring unity to the Republican party."" name.
.
Good luck with that..
url.
"Iove been called many things by many people. 'Quitter' is not one of them." hashtag url.
"Paul Ryan and Donald Trump just met. Here's why it was probably pretty awkward..
url.
80% of a child's brain is formed before the age of 3. Early childhood education could not be more important. url.
"Donald Trump has released just one detailed proposal: a tax plan written by billionaires, for billionaires..
url.
"I am the king of debt, I do love debt, I love playing with it." name url.
Under Trump's tax plan, the wealthiest 0.1% of mericans would get more tax relief than the bottom 60% combined. url.
"This election isnot a reality show..
url.
Itos hard to imagine how weore going to lift up families if we don't raise the national minimum wage. url.
"Trump's policies that affect women are even more offensive than his comments on womeniand that's saying something..
url.
When asked what gov should stop doing, name said overseeing banks! How can you be tough on Wall Street by letting them off?.
name once again lending her voice and supporting hashtag hashtag and Voting Rights.
url.
"Donald Trump's tax plan:.
1. Cut taxes for the wealthiest mericans.
2. Saddle the rest of the country with the debt.
url.
When women are paid less, they're also short-changed in saving for retirement and contributing to Social Security. We've got to change this..
"[The LGBT community's] progress is not only safe in her hands, it will continue." name endorsing Hillary: url.
"Millions of families struggle to afford quality child care..
.
It's time they got some help..
url.
It's been a banner week for name url.
Trump sees no need for a federal floor for the minimum wage. That's only a problem if you live in these states: url.
We need to raise the minimum wage, lift millions of families out of poverty, and make the economy work for everyone. url.
In many states, child care is even more expensive than college tuition. Let's make it affordable for every family. url.
name continues to build ladders of opportunity by providing scholarships to DREMers--a huge milestone: url.
Detroit's public schools are in crisis, and we need solutions that include teachers and parents: url -H.
If Trump had his way, the federal minimum wage would be $0. url.
Cuatro cosas que puedes hacer ahora mismo para evitar una presidencia de Trump. url.
Donald Trump just selected a white nationalist leader to be a delegate at the name convention. url.
"Enough is enough. Itos time we make quality child care affordable for all working families." iHillary.
While families are struggling to pay for child care, Donald Trump actually argued that mericans are being paid too much..
" Kentucky parent earning the minimum wage spends 40% of their income on child care..
.
Let's make sure no family has to spend more than 10%.".
Quality, affordable child care isn't a luxury for the few. It's a necessity that too many mericans are struggling to achieve..
Hillary's in Kentucky today talking with families about child care. Tune in to watch live: url url.
" woman told Hillary she was fired after losing her baby: ""What happened to you was not only wrongiit's illegal."".
url.
One candidate will fight for you. The other will fight for himself. url.
No family should have to pay more than 10% of its income on child care. url.
West Virginians, head to the polls today.  this if youore voting for Hillary. url.
"""I would borrow knowing that if the economy crashed, I could make a deal."" name.
url.
"Trump is floating an insane idea that would tank the merican economy." name url.
mericans need a raise. url.
"Women earn just $0.79 for every $1 men do..
.
That's a problem for all of us. url url.
Fitting that merica's first conservation success story is now our national mammal. Kudos to name url.
"""pplying [Trump's] idea to the United States would destroy the economy."" name.
url.
"If you have a mother, a wife, a sister, a daughter who is working, it affects you" iHillary on equal pay for women: url.
Live on Facebook: Hillary leads a roundtable discussion with working families in Virginia. Watch Ui url.
"Making merica a more just nation requires honest talk about policies that can lift up those still hurting." url.
"When Hillary introduced this innovative preschool program to rkansas families, it spread across the nation..
url.
Donald Trump could be our next Commander-in-Chief. Here's who thinks that's a good idea. url.
Here's what you can do to make sure name never reaches the White House: url.
"""It's only been an incredible gift."" Hillary talks about becoming a grandmother and watching Chelsea become a mom..
url.
uMom measured her own life by how much she was able to help us and serve others." iHillary: url hashtag.
"""She was determined to give me and my brothers opportunities far beyond anything she'd known."" iHillary on her mom.
url.
Happy Mother's Day to Charlotte's mom, and my wonderful daughter, name -H url.
New hashtag designs from name and name Get them before they're gone Ui url url.
name would force all schools to allow guns in classroomsion his first day in office..
.
Seriously. url.
name on how exciting it is to watch name raise daughter Charlotte url url.
Preguntamos a varios neoyorquinos sobre Donald Trumpiy estas fueron sus reacciones. url.
In 1970, Diane Crump rode her way into history at the hashtag becoming the first woman to compete. url.
"Once a Girl Scout, always a Girl Scout..
url.
Son of a Pakistani bus driver, champion of workers' rights and human rights, and now Mayor of London. Congrats, name -H.
62 reasons why Donald Trump should never become president (from members of his own party). url.
name thanks for this. Women are so much more than the roles they've been assigned. -H.
"Substance abuse and drug addiction hurt our kids, friends, neighbors, and loved ones. We've got to solve this..
url.
"""I get along with everybody."" name.
.
bout that....
url.
"Imaginemos un maana en el que ningn nio crezca bajo las sombras de la discriminacin o la deportacin..
url.
"re you a Republican who thinks name should not become president?.
.
Tell us why: url.
"We asked a dozen people how they feel about a Donald Trump presidency..
.
They werehonest. url.
We're not going to round up millions of immigrants and deport themino matter how many times Trump says he wants to. url.
This is the man the name has selected to be their nominee for president. url.
Volkswagen workers in TN are raising their voices for the rights they deserve. VW should meet them at the table. -H url.
We cannot let Donald Trump become the next president. url.
He's been called "the most lawless lawman in merica." He's endorsed name url url.
Comprehensive immigration reform will bring people out of the shadows and into our economy. url.
We should be fighting to keep families together, not rip them apart. url.
"5.5 million kids in the U.S. have at least one undocumented parent..

Trump's deportations would hurt them the most. url.
FCT: Donald Trump would end birthright citizenship. url.
Last night, Trump stood by his plans to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. and deport millions of immigrants. url.
Trump podr=a ser tu prximo Comandante del Ejrcito. Cmo es su visin sobre la pol=tica exterior? Irresponsable. url.
"uI love Hispanics!u iTrump, 52 minutes ago url.
.
uTheyore gonna be deported.u iTrump, yesterday url.
"""Everything I say I'm gonna do, folks, I do."".
.
What Trump says he'll do as president: deport millions of immigrants..
url.
"""I want more mericans to believe again we are all in this together."".
url.
They say your friends reflect who you really are... url.
Hillary will be the Small Business Presidentiespecially for women- and minority-owned companies: url hashtag.
"""Do you still believe that Muslims should be banned from entering the country?"".
.
name ""Yes."".
url.
Republicans agree: Donald Trump is reckless, dangerous, and divisive. url.
"President Trump?.
.
Nope: url.
Trump es el presunto nominado del Partido Republicano. No podemos dejar que su retrica odiosa y peligrosa se acerque a la Casa Blanca..
We need the strongest team to take on Donald Trump and the GOP in November. pply to join name today: url.
Thank you, name for visiting today and shining light on the ongoing crisis in Flint. url.
On Holocaust Remembrance Day, we remember the millions of lives lost and rededicate ourselves to fighting hate and intolerance everywhere..
"The Republican Party is now the party of Trump. Here's what it stands for..
url.
Love this, Ellen. Where can I get one? -H url.
"Trump just stood by his proposals to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. &amp; deport millions of immigrants. Seriously..
url.
"""I don't think we can take a risk on a loose cannon like Donald Trump running our country."" iHillary.
url.
"""He's a race-baiting, xenophobic, religious bigot."" name on name.
url.
s a software engineer you can stop Trump. Details here: url.
Stonewall: the birthplace of a movement, and soon a national monument for equality. url hashtag.
"""President Trump"" is a dangerous proposition..
.
Mitt Romney, Ted Cruz, and Marco Rubio agree..
url.
"They couldn't take him on on the issues because they basically agreed with him." iHillary on Trump's name rivals: url.
"He's a loose cannon, and loose cannons tend to misfire." iHillary on name url.
"I don't think we can take a risk on a loose cannon like Donald Trump running the country." iHillary to name.
"Unity versus division, compassion versus selfishness, and love versus hate. The stakes donot get much higher." url.
"""Everything I say, I'm going to do, folks."" iTrump.
.
Here's what the presumptive name nominee would do as president..
url.
I'm going to fight my heart out to make sure name toxic stew of hatred &amp; insecurity never reaches the White House..
"If it looks like a demagogue,.
acts like a demagogue,.
and talks like a demagogue,.
then it probably is a demagogue..
url.
We know Donald Trump is not who we are. If you want to shut him down, then letos vote him down. url.
"There's only one candidate left who can stop a Trump presidency..
.
Chip in now if you've got Hillary's back: url.
"""s he goes after women, as he goes after literally every group, I'm going to be their voice."" iHillary on Trump.
url.
"Donald Trump is the presumptive name nominee..
.
Chip in now if you agree we can't let him become president: url.
Our teachers deserve more than just a pat on the back. They deserve a raise. hashtag url.
"""We're not going to be counted out anymore."" iHillary on name disparaging comments toward women.
url.
Itos Primary Day, Indiana. If youore a Hoosier for Hillary, vote today: url.
Thrilled by this news. Every loving parent, no matter who they are, can now adopt kids in all 50 states. url -H.
uWeore going to build a future that will take advantage of the talents and the hard work of every single one of our children.u iHillary.
"We donot have time to waste on Trump's fake solutions that wonot do a thing to help your families..
url.
"Donald Trumpos tax plan would give $3.2 trillion to millionaires &amp; billionaires..
Ted Cruz would give them even more..
.
We can't afford that.".
uWhat is the other side offering? Unfortunately, itos the same old trickle-down economics that failed us before.u iHillary.
"uDrug abuse, alcohol abuse and suicide are all on the rise across ppalachia.u iHillary.
.
Her plan to address it: url.
Revitalizing ppalachia means investing in education and trainingifrom pre-K to college to vocational and retraining programs..
"uHaving a good job is about so much more than getting a paycheck..
.
Itos about dignity and a sense of purpose."" iHillary".
Weoll create more good-paying jobs by investing in locally-driven projects and infrastructure improvements. url.
uEven if people donot vote for me in November, Iom going to be for them and for you every single day.u url.
uThereos no question that the workers of ppalachia made merica more prosperous and secure, and that legacy should be honored.u iHillary.
Watch live: Hillaryos speaking in Ohio on her plans to create jobs and grow our economy: url url.
Live in Indiana? Go vote: Hillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place. url.
"What kind of president would Leslie Knope be?.

""Full speed ahead!"".
url.
Let's act on coal miner safety so people like Don Blankenship are held accountable for blatantly disregarding it. url.
Hoosiers, head to the polls today.  this if youore voting for Hillary. url.
"When it comes to love and kindness, name puts it best..
url.
"We can't let all the progress we've made under name be torn away by Donald Trump..
.
Let's move forwarditogether..
url.
"When we stand together against the other side's hateful words, we all rise..
url.
In Indiana, Hillary Clinton is taking on the state's new, restrictive abortion law. url.
Puerto Rico enfrenta una crisis econmica y la persistente inaccin del Congreso es irresponsable. Debemos actuar ya url.
Paid family leave isn't a luxury. Families shouldn't have to choose between eating and caring for loved ones. url.
Hillary ha demostrado que ella es la nica candidata preparada para enfrentarse a desaf=os y lograr resultados. url.
Puerto Rico faces an economic crisis. Continued inaction from Congress is irresponsible. We should act now: url -H.
"If we're going to build strong communities and help our kids succeed, we need to respect working parents..
url.
fter a long wait, the Republican-led Senate finally confirmed Roberta Jacobson as the new U.S. ambassador to Mexico url.
"""Letos keep going together..
Letos url and mobilize..
Letos make sure that love trumps hate."" iHillary".
"We cannot let Barack Obamaos legacy fall into Donald Trumpos hands." iHillary.
"Systemic racism, inter-generational poverty, gun violenceithese arenot somebody elseos problems. These are our problems." iHillary.
"Health care..
Education..
Criminal justice..
Equal pay..
Tackling racial injustice means tackling them all: url.
We should be making it easier to vote, not harder. The attacks on voting rights have to end..
uSomethingos wrong when so many black parents are burying their children.u iHillary url.
"Somethingos wrong when the median wealth for black families is just a tiny fraction of that for white families." iHillary.
uRace still plays a significant role in determining who gets ahead in merica and who gets left behind." iHillary.
uLet merica obe that great strong land of love.o That is more than poetrythatos a prayer.u iHillary quoting Langston Hughes.
Watch live: Hillary addresses the 61st annual name dinner in Detroit Ui url.
This hashtag let's celebrate the tremendous contributions from sian mericans &amp; Pacific Islanders to our country. url.
"Sheos battle tested, sheos got a dirty uniform, and thatos who you want fighting for your kidso future.u url.
name Nice job last night. unt Hillary approves. hashtag -H.
Teen pregnancy rate at all-time low. Despite Republican opposition, access to contraception &amp; sex education works. url.
Donald Trump is closer than ever to clinching the GOP nomination. There's only one candidate who has more votes. url.
"Raise the minimum wage..
Ensure paid leave..
Protect union rights..
.
If we want to raise incomes, we have to stand with workers. hashtag.
If standing up for women is playing the hashtag url.
"The hashtag.
.
Fighting for women's rights is a card we'd play any day..
url.
"Crees que cuando sea presidenta, le van a pagar lo mismo que le pagar=an si fuera un hombre?.
url.
"There's a lot more that unites us than divides us..
url.
Touching name article on Muslim HS student winning prom queen after friends campaigned for her hashtag url.
If you see a bully, stand up to him. url.
Lower wages! No paid family leave! Limited access to health care! Just some of the perks of your hashtag url.
"Estas son las promesas de Trump. s= podr=a ser su presidencia..
url.
Hillary Clinton calls Donald Trump's foreign policy views "quite concerning" hashtag url url.
"Get your own hashtag url.
.
*does not include a 21% discount on your purchases. url.
The Senate Veterans ffairs Committee did the right thing by not rolling back the post 9/11 GI Bill. url.
n entire deck of woman cards? Deal us in. url.
What can we do to fight the Zika threat? Hillary answers on name url.
Presidential candidate name How can we stop the spread of the Zika virus? url url.
"We can't afford a Trump presidency. This video will show you why..
.
url.
"If you see bigotry, oppose it. If you see violence, condemn it. If you see a bully, stand up to him..
url.
I am here ueeue for ueeue name amazing Donald Trump faceswap snapchat story url.
Conoce alguno de los logros de Hillary Clinton a travs de los aos. url.
Want one? Chip in now: url hashtag url.
"If fighting for women is ""playing the hashtag what card is Trump playing?.
url.
Hate isn't an merican value. url.
Fact: Donald Trump said women should be punished for seeking an abortion. url.
Couldn't agree more, name It's time for Republicans to address this threat: url -H url.
hashtag to 2008 when Hillary helped make emergency contraception available over the counter: url.
name Does Donald Trump intimidate you?.
.
Hillary: No. hashtag.
url.
"Candidate Trump opposes equal pay, paid leave, and Planned Parenthood..
.
President Trump? Same..
url.
Capt. Kristen Griest is about to become the rmy's first female infantry officer. Well done. url -H.
"""Everything I say, I'm going to do, folks."" name.
url.
Let's go out and win this election. Join us: url url.
"Turning away Muslims, pitting mericans against each other, inciting violence and chaosithese aren't our values..
url.
The U.S. has 5% of the world's women but nearly 30% of its women prisoners. The consequences are devastating. url.
Yikes. url.
Donald Trump's foreign policy isn't just offensive, it's dangerous. url url.
Trump has said we "need unpredictability" with nuclear weapons. Hillary's response: url url.
So if fighting for women is playing the hashtag well... url.
Trump's rhetoric is just the beginning. He's dismissed equal pay. Wouldn't support paid family leave. Would defund Planned Parenthood..
Women still face too many barriersia president shouldn't be part of the problem. Comments like Trump's set us back..
They might make flashy headlines, but Trump's comments aren't a joke. Hillary can handle these attacks. Millions of women shouldn't have to..
Last night, the hashtag This morning, Trump said he "hasn't recovered" from Hillary's "shouting." Really? url.
fter a week of reports that Trump would change his tone heading into the general election, once again he's letting his true colors show..
"Donald Trump has a lot of ideas about foreign policy..
.
The problem is that they're bad..
.
url url.
Donald Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric goes against everything we stand for. url.
"Civil rights and voting rights..
Workerso rights and womenos rights..
.
Let's defend them all..
url.
Mass incarceration's impact on women and their families doesn't get the attention it deserves. -Hillary hashtag url.
"Fighting for women's health care, equal pay, and paid leave..
Or as Donald Trump says, playing the ""woman's card."".
url.
Our fact-finding trip to Puerto Rico made it clear: We need emergency funding to fight Zika. Tell Congress to act: url.
"That is how progress gets made: We have to be both dreamers and doers." iHillary last night in P url.
"Caught your speech, name bout that ""woman's card""....
url.
"Imagine a tomorrow where hard work is honored, families are supported, communities are strong, and love trumps hate..
url.
Thank you, Connecticut. url.
Text IMWITHHER to 47246 to tell Hillary you've got her back. url.
Thanks to you, victory is in sight. Pitch in $1, and let's go win this nomination: url.
"Letos go forward. Letos win the nomination." iHillary url url.
"Imagine a tomorrow where...love trumps hate.u iHillary.
uImagine a tomorrow where instead of building walls, weore breaking down barriers.u iHillary url.
uIf fighting for womenos health care and paid family leave and equal pay is playing the owoman card,o then deal me in.u iHillary.
"Civil rights &amp; voting rights..
Workeros rights &amp; womenos rights..
LGBT rights and rights for people with disabilities..
.
Let's defend them all.".
"We all agree that wages are too low and inequality is too high. That Wall Street can never again be allowed to threaten Main Street.".
"We can build on a strong progressive tradition from Franklin Roosevelt to Barack Obama." iHillary.
uWhether you support Senator Sanders or you support me, thereos much more that unites us than divides us.u iHillary.
"Our campaign is about restoring peopleos confidence in our ability to solve problems together" iHillary.
mericans are hungry for solutions. They donot just want us to diagnose problems, they want us to solve them..
"More than 1.1 million have donated..
Chip in now to join this team: url.
"Weore going to come back to Philadelphia...with the most votes and the most pledged delegates. Weoll unify our party to win this election.u.
Watch live: Hillary speaks on tonight's primary results in Philadelphia. url.
Tonight's wins belong to every url volunteer, donor, and supporter who've built this campaign. Thank you. url.
Vote by vote, state by state, this team is building something special. Thanks for believing. -H url.
Pennsylvania! Thanks to everyone who made this possible. This win is yours. url.
We did it, Delaware! url.
Thank you, Maryland. url.
Three answers from last nightos name town hall that you should see: url.
Love this. Great to see Chobani sharing its success with the employees who helped make it possible. -H url.
Polls close soon in CT, DE, MD, P, and RI. Confirm where to go here, then head over: url url.
"We are not a post-racial society. We still struggle with racismiand it's not only wrong, it's holding us back..
url.
These brutal murders are deplorable. Mannan's work on LGBT rights must carry on, and activists must be protected. url.
"If our leaders won't stand up to the gun lobby, we need to hold them accountable..
url.
Live in CT, DE, MD, P, or RI? Go vote: Hillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place. url.
"Women deserve the same rights as men in every aspect of our economy and our societyiat home and around the world..
url.
Itos Primary Day in CT, DE, MD, P, and RI. If youore with Hillary, add your name and make a plan to vote today: url.
Primarias en Connecticut, Maryland, Pensilvania, Delaware y Rhode Island. hashtag url url.
"We've heard way too much hateful rhetoric in this campaign..
.
We need more love and kindness..
url.
Voters in CT, DE, MD, P, and RI head to the polls today.  this if youore voting for Hillary. url.
"merica's gun violence epidemic is out of control. No more excusesiwe need to act to save lives..
url.
"I'm a feminist because I believe women deserve the same rights as men." iHillary hashtag.
"s a white person, I have to talk about [racism] more. We are not a post-racial society." iHillary to name hashtag.
"Eight-year-old Noah became part of Hillary's Secret Service detail this weekend. Here's how..
url.
"When barriers for women fall, the world becomes a better place for everyone." name url.
Connecticut, Maryland, Pensilvania, Delaware y Rhode Island. url hashtag url.
"Voters can count on her to bring that same passion for getting the job done to the White House." url.
uShe's more accomplished than any other candidate.u name url.
"This might sound strange coming from a presidential candidate, but what we really need is more love and kindness..
url.
In 1990, explorer and marine biologist Sylvia Earle became the first woman appointed chief scientist at name url.
"Ms. Clinton has advanced realistic, well thought out proposals." name url url.
Editorial boards in Tuesday primary states are urging their readers to vote for Hillary Clinton. Here's why. url.
"Let's stand together to do all the good we can, in all the ways we can, for as long as we can..
url.
"""Everybody has a story. Everybody has a life worth dignity and protection."".
url.
La lucha por la cobertura mdica a bajo costo lleva ms de medio siglo y Hillary ha sido una l=der por dcadas. url.
Not interested in endorsements from people who deny climate science and try to make it harder for people to vote. url.
Great to see name taking on this "Donald Trump is becoming more Presidential" absurdity. url.
"When someone shows you who they are, believe them. Trump has shown us who he is..
url.
Women gathered in Seneca Falls 170 years ago to demand suffrage. name visited before voting for her mom. url.
"Uno no se intimida cuando se tienen que denunciar abusos a los derechos humanos..
url.
"Hillary Clinton se ha comprometido a atender la situacin del virus del Zika, especialmente en Puerto Rico..
url.
name environmental justice fight will extend to Puerto Rico. Powerful tour of flooded name url.
Every child in merica deserves clean air to breathe, clean water to drink, and a safe and healthy place to live. url.
Puerto Rico Zika fact-finding mission for name WIC clinics educating &amp; providing kits for pregnant women url.
Tenemos que actuar ahora para proteger a los puertorriqueos (del Zika), especialmente a las mujeres embarazadas. url.
"Donald Trump is going to try to take Mitt Romney's ""etch-a-sketch"" approach to the general election. Don't let him..
url.
We learned a lot from Dr. Rullan: how Zika has affected other parts of the world &amp; what early data is showing now. url.
Does Trump think he can fool us into url his hateful rhetoric? Sad! url.
Zika has reached the U.S. and we can't wait any longer to act. Tell Congress to address this public health crisis: url.
"We all know Donald Trump says offensive things about women. Here's what he says about policies that benefit women..
url.
ll children should live &amp; grow up in a healthy world. Thatos why it's so important we hashtag url hashtag.
Passover is a chance to gather with loved ones and recommit to fighting all forms of injustice. Chag sameach to those celebrating. -H.
Para dejarle un mejor futuro a nuestros nios, tenemos que proteger el futuro de nuestro planeta. hashtag url.
"In ten years, we can generate enough renewable energy to power every home in merica. hashtag.
url.
"Trump saying awful things about women isn't the most offensive thing about him..
.
His policies are..
url.
We need a leader who will deliver on Paris &amp; go further to cut emissions, install enough renewable energy to power every home in merica..
We celebrate hashtag by signing a historic accordione that will have unmatched impact on our environment &amp; society url.
Proud of my friend name for continuing to break down barriers to voting. -H url.
"The climate is changing..
Republican policies aren't..
.
 if you agree we need to hashtag.
url.
Under Donald Trump, the pay gap would remain yuge. url.
We need to act on Zikaifast. dd your name and tell Congress: approve emergency funding now to keep families safe. url.
"It is not enough to be on the money. You need to be making the money." iHillary on ensuring equal pay for women.
Zika is a threat to public health &amp; we have to act now. Tell Congress to approve funding to address this crisis: url -H.
Proud the U.S. is signing the Paris climate deal. What better way to celebrate Earth Day than taking action to help save our planet? -H.
To make a better future for our kids, we've got to protect the future of our planet. Happy Earth Day. url.
Conoce la historia de un gimnasio en Nueva York ayudando a concienciar sobre la encarcelacin masiva. url.
"To all the people who supported Sen. Sanders, I believe there's much more that unites us than divides us." iHillary url.
"It isn't enough to just say we support equal pay for women. We have to do everything we can to make it a reality..
url.
name Reflects On name Passing w/ name url hashtag hashtag url.
"""Once you've paid your debt to society, your voting rights should be returned immediately."" iHillary on name.
url.
A few bad actors supply the vast majority of guns used in crimes. We need to stop them. url url.
Gun violence is an epidemic. We cannot become indifferent to these losses. url.
"""We have got to address the unequal effects of the criminal justice system on people of color."" iHillary on name.
url.
If anything else killed 33,000 people per year, Congress would take action. It's time to hashtag url.
"In which Hillary reacts to name Hillary skits on name.
url.
Hillary Clinton Talks Female Equality in 1988 name ppearance url hashtag hashtag url.
"Thank you, New York. Let's go win this nomination..
url.
"""Victory"" never tasted so good. Thanks, name.
url.
It's important that people are held accountable for water poisoning in Flint, but Congress needs to act now to help Flint families. -H.
A fitting tribute yesterday for Susan B. nthony, who fought to win women the right to vote: "I voted" stickers. url.
"""No more families should have to go through what we have."" name daughter of Sandy Hook School principal.
url.
A woman, a leader, and a freedom fighter. I can't think of a better choice for the $20 bill than Harriet Tubman: url -H.
Hillary Clinton luchar para los inmigrantes para que todos puedan salir adelante. url.
A homecoming, and a triumph, for Hillary Clinton in New York url url.
"""Erica has turned her sorrow into a strategy and her mourning into a movement."" iHillary in New York last night.
url.
"Because of you, this campaign is the only oneiDemocrat or Republicanito win 10 million votes.u url.
"New York is a place for dreaming big. But New Yorkers also like to get things done." iHillary url.
Esta victoria es de todos ustedes Nueva York! Muchas gracias por su apoyo. Unete a la campaa aqu= Ui url.
Text CONGRTS to 47246 to tell Hillary you're with her tonight. url.
uThe motto of this state is oExcelsioroiever upward. So letos go out and win this election and all rise together.u url.
"New Yorkers speak every language, worship every faith, and hail from every continent..
.
Our diversity is a strength, not a weakness.".
"Donald Trump &amp; Ted Cruz are pushing a vision for merica that's divisive &amp; dangerous..
.
We should be lifting people upinot tearing them down.".
Itos about lifting each other up, not tearing each other down. url.
New York is a place to dream bigiand weore setting bold, progressive goals in this campaign. But New Yorkers also like to get things done..
uThe race for the Democratic nomination is in the home stretch and our goal is in sight.u url.
We did it, New York! Watch Hillary live: url.
Start spreading the news. url.
Tonight's victory belongs to everyone who worked hard to get out the vote. Sign up now to keep the momentum going. url.
To our volunteers, url and supporters who worked your hearts out in New York: This is your win. Thank you. url.
Let's win this nomination. Chip in $3 to let Hillary know you've got her back all the way to the White House: url.
Right back at you, New York. url.
Thank you, New York. You put your faith in me 16 years ago and again tonight. I'll never stop fighting for you. -H url.
What's name up to while New Yorkers vote? Check out name liveblog to find out. url url.
" couple of New Yorkers heading to the polls. hashtag.
url.
Just a few hours left to vote in the NY primary. Confirm your polling place, then head over: url url.
Cmo funciona el sistema de delegados? Nuestro experto en delegados nos explica en esta entrevista. url.
Just a few hours until polls close in New York. Get the latest from hashtag on our live blog Ui url.
"If we have each other's backs and treat each other with kindness and respect, there's nothing we can't do..
url.
"Our country can't reach its potential unless we all do..
url.
It's hashtag in New York. Get all you need to know on our live blog: url url.
Go vote, New York. It'll only take you one try. url hashtag url.
First stop on New York primary day. hashtag hashtag url.
"We asked New Yorkers what they really think of Donald Trump..
.
They didnot hold back. url url.
New Yorkers head to the polls today.  this if youore voting for Hillary. url.
lza tu voz! Encuentre dnde votar en Nueva York aqu= Ui url hashtag url.
Go vote today, New YorkiHillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place..
Every Republican presidential candidate would reverse name executive actions on immigration. url hashtag.
"We don't all look the same, or sound the same, or worship the sameiand that's one of merica's biggest strengths..
url.
Stopped by an old name favorite, name in the hashtag Read this: url url.
"Push forward into the unknown, name Watch Hillary on name at 11:30pm ET. hashtag.
url.
7th stop of the day: HRC continues call for an end to the tipped wage at Colors restaurant in Noho url.
name on Hillary: "One of the most broadly and deeply qualified presidential candidates in modern history." url.
uHora de encaminar la ciudadan=a plena e igualitaria y arreglar por fin nuestro quebrado sistema migratorio hashtag dice Hillary.
"She promised me to block the Constitutional amendment against gay marriage. nd she did." url url.
It's time to create a path to full and equal citizenship and finally fix our broken immigration system. hashtag -H.
We need comprehensive immigration reform now. I'll propose legislation within my first 100 days as president. -H.
I will protect President Obama's executive actions to keep these families together and go even further to bring more families relief. -H.
Millions of families who call merica home live in fear of being torn apart by deportation. Today, SCOTUS begins deciding their fate. -H.
To everyone in Houston, please stay safe and avoid traveling. Our prayers are with you. hashtag -H.
Encuentre dnde votar en Nueva York aqu= Ui url hashtag url.
"No child should have to live in fear of losing her parents to deportation. hashtag.
url.
name thanks for your work on this issue. Your zip code shouldn't determine your ability to access healthy, affordable food..
New Yorkers know this better than anyone: Hillary has what it takes to be president. Text RECORD to 47246 to learn why..
"""nything is possible. Do not let where you come from dictate your life."".
How one New York school is changing lives: url.
WTCH: New York state senator twirls name during Washington Heights block party: url.
"If we stand up for our values instead of turning to division and hate, there's nothing we can't do..
url.
Hartford Courant endorses Hillary Clinton in Connecticut Democratic presidential primary. url url.
Make sure your friends in New York vote for Hillary on Tuesday. Send them a message with our friend finder: url uo.
Nuestros corazones estn con los ecuatorianos y las familias que perdieron a seres queridos en el terremoto de ayer..
Our hearts go out to the people of Ecuador and the families who lost loved ones from yesterday's earthquake. -H.
A great day in East Harlem, in photos. url url.
Meet three of the kids covered by the Children's Health Insurance Program, all grown up: url url.
Your Sunday afternoon read: "In a word, Clinton" name endorses name url hashtag.
uMuchos neoyorquinos luchan por pagar la renta ... y las familias latinas y afroamericanas son las ms afectadasu. url.
"uI love you, New York! Go vote!u name.
url.
