My heart goes out to the victims and their families in London. No act of terror can shake the strength and resilience of our British ally..
Chuck Berry rolled over everyone who came before him i and turned up everyone who came after. We'll miss you, Chuck. Be good..
On International Womenos Day, name and I are inspired by all of you who embrace your power to drive url.
Humbled to be recognized by a family with a legacy of service. Who's your hashtag Tell me about them: url.
We asked. You url.
Happy Valentineos Day, name lmost 28 years with you, but it always feels url.
I read letters like these every single day. It was one of the best parts of the job i hearing from url.
In the meantime, I want to hear what you're thinking about the road ahead. So share your ideas with me url.
Hi everybody! Back to the original handle. Is this thing still on? Michelle and I are off on a quick vacation, then weoll get back to work..
Tonight, President Obama reflects on eight years of progress. Watch the hashtag at 9 pm ET: url hashtag.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses what hashtag has done to improve health care. url.
Let's keep working to keep our economy on a better, stronger url.
The landmark hashtag enters into force todayiwe must keep up the momentum to url.
The economy added 161,000 jobs in October, and wages are up 2.8 percent over the past year. url hashtag.
There are a lot of plans out there. Check your options and lock in the one that's best for you: url hashtag.
The positive impact of hashtag is undeniable, but there's one big factor holding many states back: url.
Tens of millions of mericans have benefited from hashtag Make sure you're one of them. url.
Thanks to hashtag quality health care is available to everyone. The marketplace is now openimake sure you and your family url.
Community url never goes out of style. Shop now: url.
With hashtag people can focus on treatment for pre-existing conditions without the fear of coverage being capped or denied. url.
The Obamacare marketplace is now open. If you're uninsured, now is the time to shop for a plan and hashtag url.
Lions and Tiggers and bears! Oh my! url.
Usted y su familia merecen la tranquilidad de saber que estn cubiertos. El mercado de seguros abre url.
Speak up in support of quality, affordable health care for url.
There's nothing to be scared of when searching for health insurance. Three in four people can hashtag for less than $75 a url.
Open enrollment begins tomorrowimake sure you and your loved ones url.
Senate leaders' obstruction of our Supreme Court nomination process is unacceptable. Say so: url hashtag.
Senate leaders should put the common good above politicsithe integrity of our nation's highest court depends on it. url.
Don't ghost on your health and well-beingiyour chance to hashtag is coming up. Open enrollment starts November url.
Climate change is happening now. Denial is url.
If you're willing to work hard and play by the rules, you should be able to get url.
President Obama lays out just a few of the ways in which hashtag has helped millions of url.
New report: Renewable energy installations are beating fossil fuel installations for the first time. url hashtag.
Obamacare has helped millions of mericans gain the peace of mind that comes with coverage. Show your support: url.
This is what happens when we focus on building an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the url.
"No one's too wrapped up in pre-existing conditions to hashtag.
Thanks to Obamacare, you can find a plan that meets your url.
Help protect the progress we've made in helping millions of mericans get covered. dd your name now: url.
DYK: Most people can find a plan for less than $75 per month. Open enrollment starts on November 1. url.
Women, the sick, survivorsithey all deserve fair treatment in our health care system. url.
Don't get tripped up by misinformation. Join the name Truth Team today: url.
Be proud of the progress we've made togetheriwear the mark of this movement. url.
Strong policies that help working families get ahead are good for our url.
The four-week average of jobless claims fell to the lowest level since 1973ia sign of a healthy labor url.
Since 2010, merica's uninsured rate has been cut in half. Help build on that progressijoin Team hashtag url.
Health care is a right, not a privilegeiand hashtag works to protect that right for millions of url.
Don't get tripped up by misinformation. Join the name Truth Team today: url.
Being able to stay on a parent's plan enables millions of young adults to make choices about their future with the security of health url.
"Because of Obamacare, another 20 million mericans now know the financial security of health url.
Stand up for the law that's helped 20 million more mericans gain health coverage. Join Team name today: url.
There's still more work to do, but let's celebrate how far we've url.
LIVE: President Obama is in Miami talking about the progress made possible by the ffordable Care ct. url.
Tune in at 1:55 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about the successes of the ffordable Care ct. url.
There's a lot of misinformation floating around. Make sure you've got the factsijoin the name Truth Team: url.
From coast to coast, editorial boards are denouncing Senate obstructionism. Take a look: url hashtag.
Our Supreme Court has been short a justice for far too long. hashtag Senate leaders. url.
The need for a ninth justice is undeniably clear. url.
We can't afford to let this be the new normal. url hashtag.
Denying climate change is dangerous. Join name supporters in standing up for bold action now: url hashtag.
Climate change is real, but so is the progress we're making to hashtag Let's keep it url.
This is just the latest step forward in the push to url.
Read why name is fighting to ensure that girls everywhere have access to quality education. url hashtag.
Wildfires in the next few decades could be "unrecognizable" to previous generationsibecause of climate url.
Senate leaders are blocking the Supreme Court nomination for their own political gainidon't be silent: url hashtag.
Senate leaders have recognized Judge Garland's impeccable credentials in the past. He deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down url.
We need a fully functional Supreme Court. Editorial boards across the country agree: url hashtag.
The merican Bar ssociation gave Judge Garland its highest rating. Senate leaders: hashtag and fill the hashtag url.
Denying climate change is dangerous. Join name supporters in standing up for bold action now: url hashtag.
Cynics, take note: When we hashtag we build a stronger url.
"Thatos how we will overcome the challenges we face: by unleashing the power of all of us for all of us." Read url.
Check out the most recent editorial boards calling on Senate leaders to vote on Judge Garland: url hashtag.
Senate leaders have undercut the functionality of the Supreme Court, and that's unacceptable. url.
Senate leaders' political games are handicapping the Supreme Courtiand judgeships across the country. url hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a reception celebrating hashtag url.
Support the bold steps we're taking against climate change. Say you're ready to hashtag url.
Last week, more than 190 countries reached a landmark deal to reduce carbon pollution from aviation. url hashtag.
Let's leave our children and grandchildren a planet that's healthier than the one we have today. url.
Climate change's effects are devastating. Denying the science behind it does nothing to help. url hashtag.
"On behalf of Michelle and our family, Gomar Chatimah Tovah." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"LGBT individuals deserve to know their country stands beside them." iPresident Obama url.
The Supreme Court must remain above politics. Judge Garland needs a hearing and a vote. url.
Don't stand idly by while Senate leaders continue to block Judge Garland from a fair hearing and vote: url hashtag.
Judge Garland is just as qualified now as he was in 1997, Senate leaders. It's time to url.
Dispel misinformation with facts from the name Truth url.
The uninsured rate is the lowest it's been in decades, thanks to hashtag Spread the word. url.
Deadline tonightihelp rein in payday lenders that succeed by targeting vulnerable mericans: url hashtag.
The Obama administration and name are working to protect consumers and url.
Our economy is on a better, stronger url.
The economic progress we've made is undeniableilet's keep it url.
Check out President Obama's essay in name on the unique challenges the merican economy url.
The economy added 156,000 jobs in Septemberiextending the longest streak of total job growth on record..
ICYMI: Read about the historic hashtag and what it means for the fight to url.
The cost of clean energy technology dropped significantly over the last eight years. Get the chart: url hashtag.
This historic step in the fight to hashtag came faster than anyone url.
"Today is a historic day in the fight to protect our planet for future generations." iPresident Obama url.
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the Paris Climate greement. url.
Read from name about why filling the Supreme Court vacancy is crucial for our democracy: url hashtag.
Enough is enough. Say it's time for Senate leaders to get to work: url hashtag.
"Everybody cares about their kids, their grandkids, and the kind of world we pass on to them." iPresident url.
Take what matters with you. url.
We've come a long way, but the fight for fairness and an economy that works for everyone url.
Side-by-side for 24 years. Here's to many more. url.
Facts matter. Stay informed with the name Truth url.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses why access to paid leave is so important. url hashtag.
Parents shouldn't have to choose between a paycheck and taking care of a sick child at home. url.
fter thirty years in Congress, Senator, this should not be your proudest accomplishment. url url.
We need a fully functioning Supreme Court. Speak up if you agree it's time for a hearing and a vote: url hashtag.
There has never been a more qualified nominee, Senate leaders. He deserves a fair hearing and a vote. url.
It's the Senate's job to fairly consider Supreme Court nominees. Their refusal to do so is unacceptable: url hashtag.
"Everybody gets sick." Check out what President Obama is doing to extend access to paid sick leave: url hashtag.
Never underestimate the strength and resilience of the merican url.
The name Truth Team makes it easy to stay informed. Join today: url.
This is no accidentiwe're making a comeback because together, we've fought hard to support merican url.
We're better off than we were eight years url.
Household incomes are up, and the poverty rate is down across all url.
s long as Senate leaders keep refusing to do their jobs, name supporters will continue speaking out against their obstruction. url.
Senate leaders have blocked Judge Garland's hearing for over six months now. Keep pushing: url hashtag.
Important, tough conversations require solid facts. Get them from the name Truth Team: url.
These are high praises from the merican Bar ssociationiand yet, Senate leaders refuse to even consider Judge Garland. url.
Senate leaders' unprecedented obstruction of the Supreme Court nomination must end. Your voice matters: url hashtag.
The merican people are waiting for Senate leaders to do their url.
Senate leaders have blocked Judge Garland's hearing for over six months now. Keep pushing: url hashtag.
Senate leaders need to work for the good of the merican people, not seek out political url.
Watch President Obama and name Jason Furman discuss the positive gains the merican economy has url.
Here are 16 broken records we shouldn't be proud url.
Stay informed. Stay engaged. Speak up. Join the name Truth url.
"nother record broken: 16 months in a row of undeniable, record-breaking heat..
url hashtag.
Happy url.
We can't sit idly by. Climate change is likely to threaten our national securityiwe must act now. url url.
Judge Garland is highly qualified for the benchieven some Senate leaders who are now blocking his hearing have agreed. url.
Senate leaders' blind obstruction of Judge Garland's nomination sets a dangerous precedent. We can't stand idly by. url.
Enough of the shameless partisanship, Senators. hashtag and fill the Supreme Court url.
Help keep the pressure on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing before their next recess. url hashtag.
The merican Bar ssociation gave Judge Garland its highest possible rating. He deserves a hearing and a vote. url.
"Their right to inherit a healthy planet is a sacred responsibility." iPresident Obama url.
Communities are already experiencing the effects of climate changeiwe can't afford not to act. Take a look: url.
s the hashtag meets, take a look at the progress we've made thanks to merican leadership in the url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the 71st Session of the United Nations General ssembly. url hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement in New York. url.
President Obama commemorates hashtag in an address to url.
Senate leaders are putting politics above their basic responsibility to hold a hearing for Judge Garland. url.
Six months is long enough, senators. It's time to hashtag and give Judge Garland a hearing. url.
The Supreme Court should remain above partisan politics, Senator. url url.
Progress starts with a conversation. Make sure you have the facts to get yours started: url.
When we protect our lands and waters, it helps us protect our climate for future generations. url.
"There is no 'election year' exception in rticle II." Sen. Leahy calls on senators to give Judge Garland a url.
President Obama just made history by protecting nearly 5,000 square miles off the New England coast. url hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the 2016 Our Ocean Conference. url hashtag.
We need nine justices for a fully functioning Supreme Courtiand editorial boards across the country agree. url.
We can't let Senate leaders ignore their constitutional responsibilities. url url.
Stay informed. Stay engaged. Speak up. Join the name Truth url.
The U.S. is on track to hit two million solar installations within the next two years. Momentum is url.
Time is almost up for Senate leaders to do the right thing and fill the hashtag vacancy. url hashtag.
"Median household income:.
Poverty rate:.
Uninsured rate:.
.
Middle-class economics url.
In 2015, we saw the fastest household income growth on record and the largest drop in the poverty rate since url.
The Supreme Court must remain above partisanship. Senate leaders: The time to fill the vacant seat is url.
ICYMI: This is a really big url.
Vice President Biden speaks on the "dangerous precedent" Senate leaders are setting by refusing to do their url.
These are records we can't keep breaking. We must work together to url.
Meaningful action on climate change can't wait. President Obama explains why in this name url.
We need to keep up efforts to fight climate change at every levelilocally, nationally, globally. url.
Senate leaders are back in session. Keep the pressure highicall out their obstructionism. url hashtag.
There's no need to overcomplicate the process. url.
We must take bold steps nowiclimate change is already impacting millions of people. url hashtag.
Congress is back, and they have important work to do before their next recess. Make sure you say where you stand: url.
Stay in the loop with important facts. Join name Truth Team: url.
Rising sea levels are already flooding homes and roads along merica's coasts. The time to hashtag is url.
Fewer mericans are uninsured than ever before, thanks to url.
Congress is back from recess. Help put the pressure on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a hearing: url hashtag.
The process is clear. The Supreme Court and merican people are waiting for Senate leaders to get to url.
Senate leaders have 32 days before their next recess to give Judge Garland a hearing and a vote. Call them out now: url.
The Paris Climate greement is a big deal in the fight against climate changeiand now, a big step closer to url.
The United States is leading the way in the fight to url.
Conservation not only protects diverse lands and species, it's also an important part of battling climate url.
"When we protect our lands, it helps us protect the climate for the future." iPresident Obama url.
President Obama has a message for merica's workers todayicheck it out: url url.
In the weekly address, President Obama commemorates the labor movement that helped build this url.
Recess is almost over, and editorial boards across the country are calling for Senate leaders to do their url.
When mericans stand together, there's no challenge too great to solveinot even climate change. hashtag today: url.
"Unemployment:.
Deficits:.
Uninsured rate:.
Jobs: +15.1 url.
It's been a long road, but we're far better off than we were eight years url.
The economy added 151,000 jobs in ugustiextending the longest streak of total job growth on record..
Senate leaders return from recess next week. They need to get to work on a vote for Judge Garlandisay so. url hashtag.
Recess is almost over, and editorial boards across the country are calling for Senate leaders to do their url.
Stay in the loop with important facts, brought to you weekly. Join name Truth url.
Senate leaders need to hear you expect a vote on Judge Garland when recess endsisay you'll let them know: url hashtag.
We can't afford to have a Supreme Court that's short-handed. Here's why: url.
The merican people need their legislators to be dedicated to solutions, not obstruction. url.
Senate leaders have a job to doijoin the thousands reminding them when they reconvene next week. url hashtag.
Summer's almost over, Senate leaders. url.
Have meaningful, fact-based conversations. Join OF's Truth Team: url.
Show off your pride in this movementigrab your Organizing& tee: url.
Senate leaders must put country before party politics. Read why it's time to give Judge Garland a vote. url.
It's not too late for Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and up-or-down vote. Say you agree. url.
Obstructioniespecially when it comes to the Supreme Courtiis nothing to be proud of, name url.
President Obama continues his track record of protecting millions of acres of federal land and water. Take a url.
Speaking up is the first step. Let's build on our progress one conversation at a time. url.
Say you'll continue the fight to make gender equality a reality in merica: url hashtag.
We've come a long way, but there's still more to do to make sure women are truly treated equally. url.
Organize for change in your community, and look good doing it. url.
"These are our merican cathedrals, and they belong to you." iJonathan B. Jarvis, director of the url.
Happy 100th birthday, name Here's to the next 100. url.
We need nine Supreme Court justices. The Senate needs to do its job and vote on Judge Garland: url hashtag.
This is nothing more than shameless partisanship. The Supreme Court should be held in higher regard. url.
Get important news delivered straight to your inboxijoin the name Truth url.
Rhode Island just built merica's first offshore wind farm, which will create clean energy and fight climate url.
merica's leadership in the fight against climate change pays off in more ways than one. url.
We can't wait any longer to restore our Supreme Court to full capacity. Tell Senate leaders: It's time for a vote. url.
The Supreme Court isn't some partisan football to be kicked around. Senate leaders should stop treating it like url.
Read why the Supreme Court needs nine justices, not shameless partisanship. url.
Get the facts. Cut through the noise with the name Truth Team: url.
"Weove protected more than 265 million acres of public lands and waters." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama commemorates the 100th anniversary of the name url.
nother record broken. url hashtag.
Our children's health and prosperity is too important to ignore the consequences of climate change. Speak out now: url.
Climate change is not too big of a challenge to solve. We're making good headway. url.
uEach month just gives another data point that makes the evidence stronger that weore changing the climate.u url.
Fifteen months in a row of record-breaking heat is a signal that can't be denied: We need to url.
Get the facts, not the fluffijoin the OF Truth Team: url.
Carry what you need while url for change. url.
New standards for heavy-duty trucks will cut 1.1 billion metric tons of carbon pollution through url.
Call on Congress to hashtag dd your name to support common-sense gun legislation: url.
We shouldn't accept this as normal. url.
Doing nothing won't stop our country's gun violence epidemic. Congress must act to url.
Weore taking important steps to help guarantee the basic security of paid family leave. url hashtag.
Senate leaders must stop obstructing our Supreme Court. Take a stand and show your support. url hashtag.
Reminder: It's the Senate's job to fairly consider Supreme Court nominees. url.
Today, thousands of young DREMers are able to fully contribute to our communities and our url.
Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. dd your voice and show your support: url hashtag.
Itos not too late. Senate leaders can still make this right and give Judge Garland an up-or-down url.
Editorial boards around the country agree: Our judicial system is too important to be used as a political football. url.
"There's no doubt that merica has become a global leader in the fight against climate change." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses progress made in combating climate changeiand what's left to do. url.
Let's be clear: Senate leaders are playing political games with the Supreme Court. url.
The Clean Power Plan will improve the future health and well-being of our children and families. url.
Not long ago, women could be charged more for health insuranceifor being women. There's more to do: url hashtag.
Equality isn't a zero-sum url.
Five months is long enough. It's time for a fair hearing and an up-or-down url.
Senate leaders continue to obstruct a full Supreme Court and it must stopiadd your name if you agree: url hashtag.
Read what major news outlets are saying about the critical need for a fully functioning Supreme Court: url.
"20 million more insured.
15 million new jobs.
A global climate agreement.
.
Let's keep it url.
Don't let misinformation go unchallenged. Join the name Truth Team and get the facts to fight url.
Being cynical is easy. It's having hope in the face of adversity that's hardibut url.
Grab one of these for all your progressive url travels. url.
Don't let the cynics win. Keep pushing for change with url.
We've accomplished so much as a movementiand it's thanks to the power of url.
Judge Garland has now waited 146 days. That's shamefuliand irresponsible. url.
Senate leaders are hamstringing our Supreme Court. This obstruction is unprecedentediand unacceptable: url hashtag.
Editorial boards from across the country have called on Senate leaders to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. url.
President Obama has done more to improve energy efficiency than any previous U.S. leader. url hashtag.
dding clean energy jobs is another way the U.S. is continuing to url.
Show your support for bold action to fight climate change. url hashtag.
mericans across the country agree that we need bold action in the fight against climate change. url.
These extreme records aren't a flukeiclimate change is largely caused by human activity. url hashtag.
"Team US reminds the world why merica always sets the gold standard." iPresident url.
President Obama reflects on his experience as a feministiand his hopes to continue building toward gender url.
Today's jobs report underscores what we know to be true: merica's economy is the strongest in the url.
This is a good thing for merican workers and businessesibut there's more work to url.
Our economy is continuing its comeback. Let's keep up the url.
The economy added 255,000 jobs in Julyia record-breaking 77 months of private-sector job growth..
Itos President Obamaos last birthday in officeiadaonot url to sign athe card. url.
Keep that smile going strong. Wish President Obama a happy 55th birthday today: url.
Make President Obama's last birthday in office extra special. Sign the card: url url.
The Clean Power Plan is one of the biggest steps forward in the fight to url.
One last birthday as Organizer-in-Chief. Help make it a good oneisign the card now: url.
"Birthday game: stronger..
Wish President Obama a happy 55th. url.
From the Clean Power Plan to the Paris Climate greement, the U.S. is leading the way in the fight to url.
Don't sleep on thisithe President's birthday is tomorrow. Sign the card now: url.
Today is the one-year anniversary of the Clean Power Planishow your support in the fight to hashtag url.
The Clean Power Plan will cut carbon pollution from power plants by 32 percent by 2030. url.
Show President Obama some love on his 55th birthdayisign the birthday card. url.
"Step 1: Sign President Obama's birthday card..
Step 2: Celebrate. url.
Senate leaders are weakening our highest court by refusing to vote on Judge Garland. url hashtag.
It has been a record-breaking 139 days since Judge Garland was nominated and still no hearing or vote. url.
"Supreme Court seats: 9.
Current number of Justices: 8.
Number of hearings/votes on President Obama's nominee: 0.
url.
44 is turning 55. Celebrateisign the card. url.
Judge Garland should get a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote from the Senate. Speak out. url hashtag.
The Supreme Court still needs a ninth justice, but Senate leaders are still refusing to do their jobs. url.
55? May be time for some new material. Join name in wishing President Obama happy birthday. url.
Keep up with the issues that matter to you. Spread the facts. Join the name Truth Team. url.
"We all have to do our job. The President has done his. Senate Republicans must do theirs." name Biden url hashtag.
 Sign the card and wish President Obama a happy birthday. url.
In the weekly address, retired Federal Judge Timothy Lewis joins name Biden to discuss the hashtag url.
Before their obstruction of President Obama's nominee, these six senators voted to confirm Judge url.
dd your name if you think the Supreme Court is no place for partisan political games: url hashtag.
It's been a record-breaking 135 days since President Obama nominated Judge Garland. The obstruction must url.
Help President Obama celebrate his 55th birthday by signing name card today: url.
Our children's health and prosperity is too important to ignore the consequences of climate change. Speak out now: url.
Wildfire seasons are getting longer, more dangerous, and more expensive. We need to do more to url.
Fighting for progress never goes out of style. Get your name Classic Tee: url.
It's time to offer serious solutions on how to build on hashtag progressinot take it url.
We've made a lot of progress, but there's still more work to url.
Thanks to hashtag millions of mericans have gained the coverage they need. Say you're proud. url.
Six years later, and Republican leaders still have no credible hashtag url.
It's the mark of the movementiwear it proud. Get yours today: url.
Judge Garland is a well qualified nominee. Senate leaders' refusal to even give him a hearing is url.
Let's be clear: hashtag is working and helping millions of url.
97 percent of climate scientists agreeiclimate change is real and man-made. Stand up for bold action: url hashtag.
It's easy to be cynical, but there's no challenge we can't overcome. url.
dd your name if you think we need common-sense legislation to prevent gun violence. url hashtag.
ctively ignoring this epidemic is unacceptable. Congress has to act. url.
dd your name if you believe Senate leaders need to put aside partisan politics and fill the Supreme Court vacancy. url.
Restoring the Supreme Court to full strength must remain above Senate leaders' petty politics. url.
The federal minimum wage hasn't been raised since 2009. $7.25 isn't enough to make ends meetiwe need to hashtag.
"Our economy is stronger today than it was before the crisis." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, name joins President Obama to discuss economic progress and Wall Street reform. url.
dd your name if you believe Senate leaders need to put aside partisan politics and fill the Supreme Court vacancy: url.
A reminder for Senate leaders: Judge Garland has had strong bipartisan support in the past. url.
Ida is one of the millions of people getting new opportunities to go solar and save money. Find out url.
Our economy is making real url.
By almost every economic measure, our economy is better off than it was eight years url.
mericaos businesses have created more than 14 million new private-sector jobs over 76 straight url.
For three years in a row, heat records have been broken across the globe. We have to hashtag url.
Make your voice heard: The Senate must fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court. url hashtag.
Today marks 125 days since Judge Garland's nominationithe longest time in history from nomination to url.
Editorial boards across the country are calling on Senate leaders to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. Read more: url.
The majority of mericans believe Judge Garland should get a fair hearingiadd your name if you agree. url hashtag.
Read President Obama's op-ed in the name on the need for Senate leaders to fill the hashtag vacancy: url hashtag.
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement on the shooting in Baton Rouge. url.
Happening now: President Obama is delivering remarks at the Diplomatic Corps url.
Tonight: President Obama joins a town hall discussion on communities and policing. Watch at 8 p.m. ET on name url.
Stay in touch with the latest newsijoin the name Truth Team: url.
Check out name Biden on the Supreme Court vacancy and Senate Republicanso continued obstruction. url hashtag.
Watch President Obama deliver remarks at the hashtag service url.
President Obama is delivering remarks at an interfaith memorial service for the fallen police officers in Dallas. url.
t 1:40 p.m. ET, President Obama will be speaking at a memorial service for the fallen police officers in Dallas. url.
Happy Fourth of url.
"Just imagine the peace and justice that would be possible in our world if we all lived a little more like Elie Wiesel." iPresident Obama.
Watch President Obama share a hashtag message in the weekly url.
Millions of mericans believe the Senate should hold a fair hearing for Judge Garland. re you one of them? url.
Nationwide, editorial boards agree that Senate leaders should get to work and hold a fair hearing for Judge Garland. url.
Chicago raising its minimum wage is another reminder: Congress needs to keep up and hashtag for hard-working mericans nationwide..
Congrats to Chicago and all those who fought to hashtag Boosting paychecks for hard-working mericans is the right thing to do..
Don't let the facts get drowned out. Join the OF Truth Team today: url.
Since hashtag passed, health care spending has been slowingiand the uninsured rate is down to an all-time url.
Quickiyou're running out of time to chip in before the fundraising deadline. url.
We can do more than thoughts, prayers, and moments of silence. dd your voice to call on Congress to hashtag url.
Stretch it out and get readyithe fundraising deadline is tonight. url.
n overwhelming majority of mericans agreeiCongress needs to act. url.
Reach out and help build this movementipitch in: url.
fter Monday's hashtag ruling, more unconstitutional restrictions on women's reproductive rights are url.
dd your name if you agree: Climate change is real and it's going to take global action to tackle it. url hashtag.
A new historic goal in the fight to url.
Speak up and demand that Congress act on gun violence prevention: url hashtag.
Enough has been enough for a long time. Congress needs to vote on sensible gun legislation now. url.
Congratulations to D.C., and thanks to Mayor Bowser and the D.C. Council for fighting to url.
"She outworked her rivals ... and became a role model to millions of mericansiincluding our two daughters." iPresident Obama on Pat Summitt.
You don't need super powers to help push progress forward. Chip in today: url.
Today's hashtag ruling reaffirms that every woman has a right to make her own reproductive url.
Say you'll keep fighting to protect a woman's right to make her own reproductive choices. url.
The Supreme Court just struck down Texas' overly restrictive abortion lawsia win for women's reproductive url.
Love only wins when people like you stand up and fight for it. re you in? url hashtag.
We must keep working toward an merica free from discrimination against LGBT individuals. url.
President Obama designates the first national monument honoring the LGBT rights movement. url hashtag.
Wear your love with pride. url url.
"We canot rest. Weove got to keep pushing for equality and acceptance and tolerance." iPresident url.
Marriage equality is one year old. But we still have a long way to go for full equality. url.
Stand in solidarity with LGBT mericansiadd your name. url hashtag.
We've made enormous progress toward full equality for LGBT mericans. Let's keep it going. url.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the Stonewall Inn's significance and the ongoing push for url.
Take a look: name Biden discusses what 4-4 decisionsilike yesterday's on immigrationimean for our url.
From gun violence prevention to LGBT rights, this grassroots movement is fighting for progress. Show your support: url.
"Stonewall will be our first national monument to tell the story of the struggle for LGBT rights." iPresident url.
" few words used by leading legal minds to describe Judge Garland:.
Phenomenal.
Exceptionally bright.
url.
Think the Senate should give Judge Garland a fair hearing? dd your voice: url hashtag.
Because Senate leaders refuse to do their jobs, the Supreme Court cannot properly do its job. url.
Speak up and demand that Congress act on gun violence prevention: url hashtag.
Congress: Listen to the millions of voices demanding a vote on efforts to reduce gun violence. url.
Our immigration system is broken, and we need Congress for a long-term solutionispeak up for hashtag url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about today's Supreme Court immigration ruling. url hashtag.
We need more than moments of silence. We need action. nd that's what's going on in the House now: url hashtag.
The kind of obstruction we're seeing from Senate leaders is unprecedented. url.
If you're one of the millions of mericans who believes Judge Garland should get a fair hearing, add your voice: url.
Judge Merrick Garland just received the merican Bar ssociation's highest url.
Say you support decisive action to tackle climate change. url hashtag.
Clean energy is here to url.
"There's something sacred about this place." iPresident Obama on Yosemite National url.
Staying informed is too important leave to chance. Join the name Truth Team today: url.
Join name on a conference call to discuss efforts we can take to help reduce gun url.
Take a look at President Obama's interview with name on national parks, climate change and url.
"To me, fatherhood means being there." iPresident url.
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out url.
In the weekly address, the President talks about setting examples for children in light of tragedies like url.
President Obama has taken unprecedented steps to protect our land and water for future url.
This week, people all over the world came together to stand with the LGBT communityitake a url.
url.
"Minds open. Hearts change. merica shifts." iPresident Obama url.
Today, hashtag in all 50 states. But millions of mericans are still fighting to end discriminationijoin them: url.
This is how you Slow Jam the News: url hashtag.
Watch President Obama Slow Jam the News on name at 11:35 p.m. ET. url.
Be proud of how far we've comeiand continue to push for progress. url.
Senate leaders' refusal to give Judge Garland a fair hearing is pure politics. url.
Your support for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court matters: url.
Senate leaders' politicization of the Supreme Court is "unconscionable." url hashtag.
Love looks good on you. Wear it with pride: url url.
This month and every month. url.
"Unemployment rate.
Federal deficit.
Uninsured rate url.
Watch as President Obama tackles four common myths about our url.
Former Energy Secretary name Why the hashtag will make a difference in fighting climate url.
"We pray that the greatest fighter of them all finally rests in peace." iPresident Obama hashtag.
The Supreme Court shouldn't be part of partisan political games. dd your name if you agree: url.
It's time for Senate leaders to end the obstruction of our Supreme Court. url.
Make sure you have all the factsisign up to be part of the name Truth Team. url.
This is the largest annual global increase in renewable power capacityiever: url hashtag.
Watch: This is why people across the country have decided to hashtag url.
Gun violence takes too many lives in our country. Congress must do something about itiadd your name if you agree: url.
This National Gun Violence wareness Day, keep the pressure on Congress to act. url.
"The noise around gun violence is loud..
But we can be louder..
url.
Join the thousands of people calling on Congress to do something about gun violenceiadd your name: url hashtag.
Gun violence takes far too many lives in merica. Congress needs to act. url.
LST CHNCE: Keep calm and enter before the midnight deadline. url.
Speak out against gun hashtag tomorrow. url.
Don't miss your chance to meet President Obama this summer. Enter before tonight's deadline: url.
This is progressibut there's still more work to do to make sure our economy works for url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Elkhart, Indiana, highlighting merica's economic progress. url.
Tune in at 3:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak in Elkhart, Indianaiseven years after his first visit. url.
"Make the choice to do some good in the world." Watch Judge Garland speak to high school seniors at his alma url.
You don't want to miss out on this opportunityienter now before tonight's deadline. url.
Suit upienter for a chance to meet President Obama before the deadline. url.
The Supreme Court shouldn't be part of partisan political games. dd your name if you agree: url.
Because some Senate leaders won't do their jobs, the Supreme Court can't fully do its job. url.
Share a laugh with President Obamaienter now for your chance. url.
"Today, and every day, let us remember the servicemen and women we have lost." iPresident url.
"This Memorial weekend, I hope youoll join me in acts of remembrance." iPresident url.
A new survey shows that the overwhelming majority of hashtag customers are satisfied with their url.
Join the name Truth Team and help set the record straight on issues you care about: url.
Enter now for the chance to get some pointers from the Commander-in-Chief. url.
Stand up for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote for Judge Merrick Garland: url.
"Judge Garland:.
.
Independent mind ui.
Highly qualified ui.
Has had bipartisan support ui.
.
Senate leaders: url.
Tell your friends you fist bumped President Obamaienter now for your chance. url.
Senate leaders' obstruction of our Supreme Court is completely unprecedented. url.
Senate leaders need to stop obstructing our Supreme Courtiadd your name if you agree: url hashtag.
Judge Garland was confirmed with bipartisan support in the past. He deserves a fair hearing. url.
Get some face time with President Obama. Enter now for your chance to meet him: url.
If you think Senate leaders should do their jobs and fill the hashtag vacancy, add your name now: url.
Don't pass this upienter now: url.
"People want Senate to act on Supreme Court vacancy." See what editorial boards are saying: url hashtag.
Ever wished you could meet President Obama? Here's your chance. url.
Judge Garland has one of the most impressive resumes of any Supreme Court nominee in recent history. url.
You don't want to miss out on this chance. Enter today: url.
Editorial boards to senators: hashtag and fill the Supreme Court vacancy. url.
President Obama did his job, now it's time for the Senate to fulfill its dutiesisay you agree: url hashtag.
On average, it's taken 67 days to confirm Supreme Court nominees since 1975. url.
"This week my administration took a step to help more workers get the overtime pay theyove earned." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses expanding hashtag for millions of merican workers: url.
This summer, you and a friend could meet President Obama. Here's how: url.
Check out editorials from across the country calling on senators to fill the Supreme Court vacancy: url hashtag.
Editorial boards across the country are telling Senate leaders: url.
Despite Judge Garland's qualifications, some Senate leaders still refuse to give him a hearingispeak out: url.
The uninsured rate just hit 9.1 percentithe lowest ever url.
Don't miss this: url.
Thanks to the new hashtag rule, millions of hard-working mericans will have more economic url.
Stand up for middle-class workersiadd your name to support the Obama administration's new hashtag rule: url.
Marriage equality? ffordable health care? Or economic progress? Tell him in person: url.
dd your name if you support the Obama administration's new hashtag rule that expands protections for millions: url.
LIVE: name Biden is speaking about the economy at name headquarters in Ohio. url.
This is a big day for millions of middle-class url.
LIVE: Senate Judiciary Democrats are holding a forum on Judge Merrick url.
Here's your chance: Tell President Obama what you're most thankful foriin person. url.
Judge Garland's former clerks have a lot to say about his record, work-life balance, and moreitake a url.
Senate leaders are continuing to obstruct a fair hearing for Judge Garlandihelp put the pressure on: url hashtag.
It's time for Senate leaders to put politics aside and fill the Supreme Court vacancy. url.
pril was the seventh consecutive month of record-high temperatures. We need to url.
Think Senate leaders should do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing? dd your name: url hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking with name about his hashtag nominee, Judge Merrick url.
We need to lead this fight. url.
Change happens because people like you fight to make it url.
Show your support for continued efforts to tackle climate change: url hashtag.
Read more about the historic new standards in place to reduce methane url.
Senate leaders should listen to the merican people. url.
Say you support a fair hashtag nomination processispeak up now: url.
Find out what Judge Merrick Garland's former clerks have to say about his record as a public url.
Editorial boards are speaking up on the hashtag vacancy. Here's what they're saying: url hashtag.
dd your name if you support big steps forward in the fight to tackle climate change: url hashtag.
The Obama administration just finalized standards to cut methane pollution and improve public health. url.
We can't afford to have a key part of our democracy understaffed. We need nine justices. url.
The Senate should give President Obama's Supreme Court nominee a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. url.
dd your voice to the push for a fair Supreme Court nomination process: url url.
Here's where editorial boards across the country stand when it comes to the hashtag vacancy: url hashtag.
Senate leaders: hashtag and give Judge Garland the fair hearing he url.
Join the hundreds of thousands of people calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing: url.
Judge Garland has impeccable credentialsihe deserves a fair hearing from the Senate. url.
dd your name if you agree: We need a full Supreme Court bench for a functioning democracy. url hashtag.
Partisan obstructionism shouldn't hold back our Supreme Court. url.
President Obama has a message for name supporters on the work url.
"This Motheros Day, say thank you. Say, 'I love you.'" iPresident url.
dd your name if you think Senate leaders need to stop obstructing our Supreme Court: url hashtag.
74 consecutive monthsimore than six yearsiof private-sector job growth. Let's keep up the url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the economy and new steps to strengthen financial transparency. url.
The economy added 160,000 jobs in prilia record-breaking 74 months of private-sector job growth..
President Obama just granted clemency to 58 men and women who've earned a second chance: url hashtag.
Say that Senate leaders should stop hiding behind excuses and give Judge Garland a fair hearing: url hashtag.
Check out President Obama's latest message to name supporters and volunteers: url.
President Obama: When merican workers and businesses compete on a level playing field, no one can beat url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at Northwestern High School in Flint, Michigan. url.
Retweet if you agree. url.
Make your voice heard on a fair hashtag nomination processiadd your name today: url hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama honors the 2016 National Teacher of the Year. url.
Good climate change policy and good economic policy can go hand in hand. url.
merican workers deserve a trade agreement that works for them. Check out President Obama's op-ed on hashtag url.
The United States just hit one million solar installationsienough to power 5.5 million homes. hashtag.
Say you're one of the majority of mericans who want Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing. url hashtag.
Building a clean energy economy is a great way to hashtag for people across the url.
Read what editorial boards across the country have to say about the hashtag vacancy: url.
It's unacceptable for obstructionists in the Senate to play political games with the Supreme Court. Say you agree: url.
"""nd with that, I just have two more words to sayiObama out."" iPresident Obama at the hashtag.
.
Don't miss url.
Watch "Couch Commander" President Obama at last night's url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the hashtag url.
Tune in at 8:00 p.m. ET to watch "Comedian-in-Chief" President Obama at the hashtag url.
"Poll after poll shows a majority of mericans think Senate Republicans should do their job." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama has a simple message for Senate Republicans: url.
Senate leaders need to do their jobs and fill the hashtag vacancy. url.
Clean air makes for healthier and safer communities. url.
Hundreds of thousands of mericans are calling on Senate leaders to fill the hashtag vacancyijoin them: url.
It's been more than 40 days since Judge Garland was nominated. Senate leaders: url.
Don't let climate change deniers jeopardize the progress we've made toward a safer, healthier future. Call them url.
Fighting climate change will save mericans money at the gas pump. url.
dd your name if you support global efforts to tackle climate change: url.
Watch Professor Obama take obstructionists in the Senate back to school with hashtag 101. url.
For the health of our children and grandchildren, we have to url.
The Senate should uphold its constitutional duty and give Judge Garland a fair hearing. dd your name if you agree: url.
Watch: Professor Obama has a hashtag lesson for obstructionists in the Senate. url.
"Not to let the Constitution function is totally irresponsible and it's never happened like this before." url.
Don't let climate change deniers derail progressishow your support for bold action on climate change: url hashtag.
The fight to tackle climate change took a big step on Friday with hundreds of countries signing the url.
ICYMI: The U.S. and more than 170 other nations just signed the hashtag first ever global climate url.
We all play a part in helping to stop gun violence. Do your hashtag on June url.
We're already seeing the effects of climate change. Denial is unacceptable. url.
Show your support for bold moves to combat climate changeiadd your name: url hashtag.
Carbon pollution is the biggest contributor to climate changeiand President Obama is taking it head url.
"We have criminal justice policies, including unfair sentencing laws, that need to be reformed." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama talks about his efforts to improve our criminal justice system. url hashtag.
"From our family to yours, chag sameach." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Happy url.
We can tackle climate changeibut it's going to take all of us working together. url.
Bold action on climate change matters. url.
Say you'll stand up for bold action to fight climate change: url hashtag.
The Paris greement is a big deal. url.
"' strong spirit transcends rules,' Prince once saidiand nobody's spirit was stronger, bolder, or more creative." iPresident Obama.
President Obama is investing in a more sustainable future. url.
We can't let climate change deniers derail progressisay you stand for bold action: url hashtag.
Continuing to invest in clean energy like solar power is critical in the fight to url.
Last year, wind energy generated enough electricity to power 17.5 million homes: url hashtag.
dd your name to support bold action to combat climate change: url hashtag.
Climate change is realiand it's devastating communities across the country. We have hashtag url.
The wind energy industry keeps growingihere's the latest on its record-setting year: url hashtag.
Stand up today for a fair Supreme Court nomination process: url hashtag.
Happy National Park Week. Go hashtag today. url.
President Obama's hashtag could have a big economic url.
Last month continued the streak of record-breaking global temperatures. url hashtag.
This is unprecedented. url.
Show your support for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote for Judge Merrick Garland: url hashtag.
Editorial boards are making their voices heard on the hashtag nomination process. See what they're saying: url.
dd your name if you think the Senate should give Judge Garland fair consideration: url.
See what editorial boards are saying about Senate leaders' refusal to give Judge Garland a fair hearing: url.
This kind of Senate obstructionism is completely unprecedented. url.
Climate change means wildfires are now a continual threat in some parts of the country: url hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is delivering remarks at the hashtag url.
Tune in at 2:50 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at the hashtag url.
Judge Garland is highly qualified for the Supreme Courtihe deserves a hearing. url url.
Read why having nine Supreme Court justices is critical for our judicial system: url hashtag.
It's time. url.
"Improving gender equality would add at least $2.1 trillion to U.S. gross domestic product by 2025." url hashtag.
Retweet if you agree. url.
Stand up for equal payiadd your name now: url hashtag.
"I'm here to say we will close the wage gap." iPresident Obama url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about women's equality on hashtag url.
Tune in at 11:25 a.m. ET to watch as President Obama designates a new national monument honoring women's equality: url.
Side by side. url.
We cannot let political gridlock and dysfunction spread to our Supreme url.
It's time for the United States to hashtag your support if you agree: url.
Retweet if you believe it's time for the United States to url.
Speak up for a fair hearing for Judge Merrick Garland: url hashtag.
This is unprecedented. url.
dd a comment if you agree: merican workers shouldn't have to choose between their health and a paycheck. url.
Working families in merica should have the basic security of paid sick leave. url.
If you think Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote, add your name: url hashtag.
LIVE: The President is at name discussing why Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. url.
Tune in at 3:30 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about the hashtag nomination process at name url.
Read what a former name student learned from Professor Obama: url.
Show your support for the proposal to expand paid sick leaveiadd a comment today: url hashtag.
The U.S. is the only advanced nation that doesn't guarantee paid sick leaveiit's time to change that. url.
The Senate has more than enough time to give Judge Garland a fair up-or-down vote. url.
dd your voice to the thousands calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Merrick Garland a fair hearing: url hashtag.
If we don't hashtag now, the sea level could rise by more than six feet by the end of the url.
Clean energy currently employs 2.5 million people in the United States. Check it out: url hashtag.
Ten million workers in California and New York now have better economic security: url hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the economy. url.
Tune in at 12:15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver a statement about the economy: url.
"Supreme Court struggles with just eight justices." url hashtag.
n overwhelming majority of mericans want a fair hashtag nomination processiadd your name if you're one of them: url.
Judge Merrick Garland received bipartisan support in the past. Today should be no different. url.
Stay informed and get the facts with the name Truth Team: url.
Our economy is making real progress, but we have to keep fighting to make sure that it works for url.
"nother encouraging jobs report," as the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record url.
The United States of merica has the strongest, most durable economy in the worldiand it's getting url.
The economy added 215,000 jobs in Marchia record-breaking 73 months of private-sector job growth..
This is itiyour last chance to win a free trip to Chicago to meet James Taylor: url.
DEDLINE: Chip in to support this grassroots movement before midnight tonight. url.
You've got a friend that wants to meet James Taylor? Enter today and you could both be heading to Chicago: url.
"Marriage equality..
Obamacare..
A global climate agreement..
Push for more progress: url.
Get weekly updates on everything from the hashtag nomination process to climate change: url.
Calling all supportersithe fundraising deadline is here. Do your part to chip in: url.
Enjoy the tunes of James Taylor in Chicago this summerienter before tomorrow's deadline: url.
Time's almost up. Pitch in before the deadline: url.
Tell Senate leaders to do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing: url url.
Make a play before the big fundraising deadline tomorrowipitch in now: url.
" free flight to Chicago..
A free hotel room..
Tickets to see the legendary James Taylor..
Enter now: url.
Start your enginesithe big fundraising deadline is coming up. Chip in: url.
Ever met a music legend? Here's your chanceimeet James Taylor in Chicago this summer: url.
Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate: url url.
Read President Obama's op-ed on why Judge Merrick Garland deserves a Senate hearing: url hashtag.
Judge Garland deserves a fair url.
dd your name for a chance to see James Taylor perform live in Chicago this summer: url.
LIVE: President Obama and name are participating in the annual White House hashtag url.
"We wish all who celebrate a blessed and joyful Easter." iPresident url.
"Michelle and I join our fellow Christians in observing Good Friday and celebrating Easter this weekend." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Follow name for updates on the fight to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. hashtag.
Tell Senate leaders to do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing: url url.
Judge Garland is a highly qualified nominee to fill the hashtag vacancy. Senators, it's time to url.
"I believe Judge Garland is exactly the kind of judge we need on the Supreme Court." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
Judge Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate. url.
Join name in calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and a timely vote: url hashtag.
The support for a fair hearing for Judge Garland is growing. url.
LIVE: name Biden is urging the Senate to give Judge Merrick Garland a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote. url.
Tune in at 12:30 p.m. ET to see name Biden speak about why fair consideration for Judge Garland is so important: url.
It's a paws-itively beautiful day. url.
Obamacare: Giving young adults (and their parents) peace of mind since url.
Obamacare is here to url.
"20 million mericans covered:.
9 in 10 mericans now have health insurance:.
Lowest uninsured rate on record: url.
On the sixth anniversary of hashtag stand with name and say you'll keep fighting for affordable health care: url.
Want to meet James Taylor in Chicago? Enter today for your chance: url.
Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate. url.
Tell Senate leaders: Your constituents expect you to hashtag url.
"Give Judge Garland the respect he has earned. Give him a hearing. Give him an up-or-down vote." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama urges the Senate to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and timely url.
Read from name editorial board on why Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair url.
Check out how name supporters are calling for a fair hashtag hearing and timely up-or-down url.
Retweet if you believe Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration. url.
Make your voice heard on a fair hashtag nomination process for Judge Merrick Garland: url.
Happy url.
Yesterday President Obama revealed his March Madness bracket. Check it out: url hashtag.
President Obama took his constitutional duty seriously and nominated a well qualified url.
Judge Garland is a qualified hashtag with past bipartisan approvalishow your support: url.
Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair hearing and a timely vote. url.
HPPENING NOW: President Obama is announcing his nominee to fill the hashtag vacancy. url.
Tune in at 11 a.m. ET to watch President Obama announce his hashtag url.
Senate leaders shouldn't hold up the Supreme Court nomination processisign the petition: url.
These editorials explain why the Senate must do its job and hold fair hashtag nomination hearings: url hashtag.
This February was so hot that it shattered global records. Check it out: url hashtag.
There's a lot of misinformation out thereihelp spread the facts with the name Truth Team: url.
Happy url.
By a margin of nearly 2-to-1, mericans believe the Senate should hold hearings on a hashtag url.
Refusing to even meet with a hashtag nominee has no basis in the Constitution. url.
If you think the Senate should give President Obama's hashtag nominee a fair hearing, add your name: url hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is participating in a hashtag panel on civic engagement and technology. url.
The Senate should fairly consider a hashtag nomineeisign the petition if you agree: url.
Not caught up on the Supreme Court vacancy? Read what editorial boards around the country are saying: url hashtag.
The United States and Canada are joining together to reduce methane pollution. Read more: url hashtag.
Refusing to hold a hearing on a presidential nominee is unprecedented. Tell Senate leaders: hashtag url.
Senators on the Judiciary Committee have demanded a vote on judicial nominees 90 times. Here's a list: url hashtag.
"Under my chairmanship, every Supreme Court nominee was given a hearing and a vote in the Judiciary Committee." url.
dd your name if you think the Senate should do its job: url url.
"Senate needs to think and vote." See what editorials boards are saying about the Supreme Court nomination: url.
The President is going to nominate a qualified Supreme Court Justiceitell Senate leaders to do their jobs: url.
From name Biden: Why the Senate shouldn't hold back the hashtag nomination process. url.
We've come a long way on women's equality, but there's still so much work to be done. url.
"U.S. solar seems poised for not just a record year but perhaps a blowout year." Get the numbers: url hashtag.
"If Selma taught us anything, itos that our work is never done." iPresident Obama url.
Refusing to hold hearings for a president's hashtag nominee has never happened url.
There is no excuse to delay the hashtag nominationiadd your name to name petition if you agree: url.
Most mericans agree that the Senate should do its job and give the hashtag nominee a fair hearing: url hashtag.
A well-qualified hashtag nominee deserves a fair hearing and a timely up-or-down vote. url hashtag.
Take a look at what editorial boards across the country think of the Senate refusing to do its job: url hashtag.
It's the Senate's duty to fairly consider the President's hashtag nomineeiand there's plenty of time to do url.
February's 242,000 new jobs mean the merican economy has been creating jobs for six straight years. url.
The merican economy continues its url.
The economy added 242,000 jobs in Februaryia record-breaking six straight years of private-sector job growth..
The majority of mericans agree that President Obama should nominate someone to fill the hashtag vacancy: url.
LIVE: President Obama is celebrating Milwaukee's victory in the Healthy Communities Challenge. url.
Sign the petitionijoin the thousands of voices speaking up for a fair Supreme Court nomination process: url hashtag.
Tune in at 12:50 p.m. ET to see President Obama congratulate Milwaukee on winning the Healthy Communities Challenge. url.
This is what a consensus looks like. url.
Deliberately creating partisan gridlock is not the way our democracy should work. url.
The obstruction of our Supreme Court is completely unprecedented. Sign the petition telling the Senate: hashtag url.
Refusing to consider a hashtag nominee before one is even announced is irresponsible. url.
Leaving a seat open on the Supreme Court for more than a year is irresponsibleisign the petition: url hashtag.
We're seeing the fastest rise in sea-levels in nearly 3,000 years: url hashtag.
Get the facts on everything from a fair hashtag nomination process to climate change: url.
Today's the 55th birthday of the name Thanks to all who have served across the globe. hashtag.
It's the Senate's duty to give the President's nominee a fair hearing and a timely vote. url.
"One-third of all U.S. presidents appointed a Supreme Court justice in an election year." url (h/t name.
Sign name petition to let the Senate know you demand a fair Supreme Court nomination process: url.
LIVE: President Obama is presenting the Medal of Honor to Senior Chief Special Warfare Operator Edward Byers. url.
Thanks to the hashtag clean energy investments have created hundreds of thousands of url.
Our economy has come a long way, but there's more work to doisay you support common-sense economic policies: url.
Seven years ago, our economy was shedding nearly 800,000 jobs a day. We've come a long url.
Our economy has added 14 million jobs over the longest streak of private-sector job growth on url.
LIVE: President Obama is highlighting the progress of the merican economy. url.
Tune in at 1:55 p.m. ET to see President Obama speak about the economic progress we've made since the hashtag url.
Tell the Senate: Stop playing games with our Supreme Court. url hashtag.
The Senate should fulfill its constitutional duty and fairly consider the President's nominee. url.
dd your name if you agree: Failing to fill the Supreme Court vacancy for over a year is unacceptable. url hashtag.
Retweet if you agree that we can't afford to play political games over the Supreme Court vacancy. url.
The solar industry hit record growth last year, surpassing natural gas installations for the first url.
This kind of obstruction is unprecedented. Tell Senate leaders: url.
Sign name petition to let the Senate know you demand a fair Supreme Court nomination process: url.
President Obama on his constitutional responsibility and the qualities he's looking for in his hashtag url.
Refusing to even consider the President's Supreme Court nominee is unprecedented. Tell the Senate: hashtag url.
With more than 300 days left in President Obama's term, the Senate has no excuse to delay. url.
Be part of the team debunking myths with factsijoin the name Truth Team: url.
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement from the Roosevelt Room. url.
A fair judicial nomination process is important for a functioning democracyiread url.
Speak up for a fair nomination process and a timely vote by the Senateisign name petition: url hashtag.
The Senate should not play political games with our Supreme url.
"The Senate also has a constitutional duty: to consider presidential nominees expeditiously." url (h/t name.
dd your name to let the Senate know: The Supreme Court is too important to be held hostage by partisan politics. url.
Gain the skills you need to turn a desire for change into impactiapply to be an name fellow url.
The impact of climate change in one GIF: url hashtag.
The longest streak of private-sector job growth, 4.9% unemployment rateimiddle-class economics is url.
It's official: January 2016 was the most abnormally warm month on record. url hashtag.
Read what name Biden has to say about our economic comeback, thanks in part to the Recovery url.
In the past seven years, our economy has made real url.
This hashtag Day, speak up for equality: url hashtag.
No matter who you are or whom you love, celebrate hashtag Day with pride. url.
Stand against discriminationijoin the fight for equality. url hashtag.
Retweet if you believe url.
Watch President Obama thank name for all she's done for the LGBT community: url hashtag.
Read President Obama's thoughts on climate change, technology, and hashtag url.
Thanks to President Obama, future generations will still be able to exploreifrom sea to shining sea. url.
President Obama has protected more land and water than any of his predecessorsiand he's not done yet: url hashtag.
Marriage equality may be the law of the land, but there's more work to do to end discrimination. Join the fight: url.
Show what you believeiget the hashtag tee. url.
Celebrate this Valentine's Day with pride, and no matter who you love, commit to ending discrimination. url.
"The fact is weove gotten a heck of a lot done these past seven years, despite the gridlock." iPresident url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Springfield, Illinois. url.
Tune in at 4:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak to supporters in Springfield, Illinois: url.
Join the name Truth Team and spread the facts on issues that matter: url.
Say cheese. url.
n increase in solar jobs is good for our economy and our environment. url.
Good news: 2015 was another great year for clean energy growth. url hashtag.
Criminal justice reform is overdue. Speak up for fairnessiadd your name: url hashtag.
We need to url.
Health care marketplace enrollment numbers are in, and it's good news. Take a look: url hashtag.
"The budget I will send to Congress this Tuesday will double funding for clean energy research." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses how the private-sector is helping in the fight to url.
Last year was the second-best year for job creation since the late 1990sibut there's more work to url.
The economy continues a record-breaking streak of 71 straight months of private-sector job growth. Read more: url.
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the economy. url.
Middle-class economics is url.
Stand up for a smarter, fairer criminal justice systemiadd your name now: url hashtag.
It's time to url.
Check out President Obama's message to name supporters on the importance of keeping up the fight for url.
Everyone has to pitch in to hashtag including the private sector. Check out what name just url.
Progress is not inevitableiit depends on hard work. Say you'll fight for it: url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Baltimore. url.
More than 60 attempts later, and Congress is still wasting time and money trying to repeal or dismantle url.
Show your url pride. url.
No fluff, just factsithat's the Truth Team way. Join now: url.
There's just a few hours left to hashtag for 2016: url.
Spread the word: Today is the last day to hashtag for 2016. url hashtag.
TODY: The last day to check out your options and hashtag Don't miss it. url.
The end of the open enrollment is right around the cornerimake sure your friends know how to hashtag url.
Have a worry-free weekend, and take care of this right now: url url.
There's still time to hashtag hurry: url.
Just two days left to get hashtag for 2016. url.
Check out what President Obama is doing to help advance hashtag for url.
dd your name if you agree that equal work deserves hashtag url.
Seven years ago, President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay ctia step forward. But the fight isn't url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the importance of hashtag for women. url hashtag.
Tune in at 12:10 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak on the anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay ct. url.
Join the team that's fighting misinformation with facts: url.
Don't miss this deadline: url url.
The open enrollment period ends on Sundayitalk to your friends about how they can hashtag url.
Preventive care is free under Obamacare. Check out your options and hashtag url.
Retweet to spread the word, and make sure your friends hashtag url.
It's not too lateiget your vintage tee today. url.
Scientists agree climate change is man-madeiand we can do something about it. url hashtag.
"In our criminal justice system, the punishment should fit the crime." iPresident url.
Before Sunday: hashtag url.
Last night, President Obama banned the use of solitary confinement for juveniles in federal prisons. Read more: url.
Health care reform has helped millionsijoin the team that's fighting to protect it. url.
A new study confirms that the hashtag will raise wages for merican workers and grow our url.
Time's running out to hashtag before the January 31 deadline. Check out your options: url.
Take a look at President Obama's latest common-sense step to help fight climate change: url hashtag.
Join the millions who've enrolled in the new marketplace. The deadline is January 31: url.
Fifteen of the 16 hottest years ever recorded have been in the 21st century. See for yourself: url hashtag.
"If you havenot looked at your new coverage options, youove still got time to get covered." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama encourages people to check out their health care options and url.
Extreme voices in Congress have tried to dismantle hashtag more than 60 timesijoin the team that's fighting url.
Check ups: covered under Obamacare. url url.
97 percent of climate scientists agree: Climate change is real and man-made. url.
"The government should not intrude on private decisions made between a woman and her doctor." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the U.S. Conference of Mayors. url.
Be prepared for the cold. hashtag today: url.
Get the peace of mind that comes with having health hashtag today: url.
"Fighting climate change:.
Creating jobs:.
The solar industry is url.
"The merican auto industry is all the way back." iPresident Obama url.
It's official: Last year was the hottest year on recordiby a very wide margin. url hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Detroit about the progress of the merican auto industry. url.
Tune in at 3:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama highlight the economic comeback of the auto industry: url.
Shop around: url url.
Read how name url are sharing their personal stories to help url.
merican diplomacy has helped make the world safer and more secure through the hashtag Read url.
Because of merican diplomacy, all of Iran's pathways to a nuclear weapon have been blocked. url.
"It is our mission to fulfill his vision of a nation devoted to rejecting bigotry in all its forms." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Happy birthday, name Thank you for all you url.
"Thatos when merica works bestiwhen everyone has opportunity; when everyone has some security." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama speaks about taking steps to modernize our unemployment insurance url.
President Obama announced a pause on new coal leases on federal landsia step forward in the fight to url.
LIVE: President Obama is answering questions from name name and name url hashtag.
Tune in at 2:15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama do an interview with three popular YouTube creators: url.
merica now has the lowest uninsured rate on record thanks to hashtag Repealing it doesn't make url.
ICYMI: More than 11 million people have enrolled in health care plans through the marketplace so url.
DEDLINE: Check out your options today for coverage that begins on February 1. url url.
Check out what name Biden told a group of name supporters url.
Solar energy jobs have doubled in just five years. url hashtag.
"Thatos the country we love. Clear-eyed. Big-hearted. Undaunted by challenge." iPresident Obama url.
LIVE: President Obama is holding a town hall in Louisiana on the progress mericans have made and the path forward. url.
Tune in at 11:05 a.m. ET to watch President Obama participate in a town hall in Baton Rouge, Louisiana: url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Omaha about moving our country forward. url.
LIVE: name Biden is speaking with name supporters on the work ahead in 2016. url.
RSVP for name call with name Biden at 3:15 p.m. ET today. You don't want to miss it: url.
Missed President Obama's final hashtag last night? Check out his full url.
Fired up from the hashtag RSVP to hear name talk about the work ahead with name supporters: url.
Fired up and ready to go? Join the movement: url hashtag.
"I believe in change because I believe in you." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I can promise that a year from now, when I no longer hold this office, Ioll be right there with you as a citizen." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Our collective future depends on your willingness to uphold your obligations as a citizen." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Democracy breaks down when the average person feels their voice doesnot matter." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Our public life withers when only the most extreme voices get all the attention." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Democracy grinds to a halt without a willingness to compromise." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Democracy does require basic bonds of trust between its citizens." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The future we want ... is within our reach. But it will only happen if we work together." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We need to reject any politics that targets people because of race or religion." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: The Trans-Pacific Partnership will protect workers and the environment. hashtag hashtag.
"Our troops are the finest fighting force in the history of the world." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The United States of merica is the most powerful nation on Earth. Period." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Weove got to accelerate the transition away from old, dirtier energy sources." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Gas under two bucks a gallon ainot bad, either." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"On rooftops from rizona to New York, solar is saving mericans tens of millions of dollars a year." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"Seven years ago, we made the single biggest investment in clean energy in our history." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Why would we want to pass up the chance for merican businesses to produce and sell the energy of the future?" iPresident Obama hashtag.
"If anybody still wants to dispute the science around climate change, have at it. Youoll be pretty lonely." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Global action on climate change is happeningishow your support today: url hashtag hashtag.
We have the responsibility to lead on climate change. hashtag url.
"merica is every immigrant and entrepreneur, from Boston to ustin to Silicon Valley." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"That spirit of discovery is in our DN. merica is Thomas Edison and the Wright Brothers and url Washington Carver." iPresident Obama.
"Workers and start-ups and small businesses need more of a voice, not less." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Food Stamp recipients didnot cause the financial crisis; recklessness on Wall Street did." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I believe a thriving private sector is the lifeblood of our economy." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"merica is about giving everybody willing to work a chance." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Parties should work together to improve job security." iPresident Obama hashtag.
nd counting. url.
"Social Security and Medicare are more important than ever. We shouldnot weaken them, we should strengthen them." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Share the facts. url.
"We have to make college affordable for every merican." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"We should recruit and support more great teachers for our kids." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Real opportunity requires every merican to get the education and training they need to land a good-paying job." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Students should be able to get an education without taking on decades' worth of student loan debt. url.
"Everybody that works hard deserves a fair shot." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"For the past seven years, our goal has been a growing economy that also works better for everybody." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Our auto industry just had its best year ever." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"More than 14 million new jobs; the strongest two years of job growth since the o90s; an unemployment rate cut in half." iPresident Obama.
Middle-class economics works. url.
" basic: the United States of merica, right now, has the strongest, most durable economy in the world." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Change only happens when you url url.
"We made change work for us, always extending mericaos promise outward, to the next frontier, to more people." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I want to focus on our future." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: Ioll keep pushing for progress on immigration, gun violence, equal pay, paid leave, raising the minimum wage. hashtag.
"Who knows, we might surprise the cynics again." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I hope we can work together this year on some bipartisan priorities like criminal justice reform." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is delivering his final State of the Union address now. url hashtag.
Tune in for President Obama's final State of the Union at 9 p.m. ET tonight. url url.
The stage is setitune in tonight. url url.
"Itos the last time weoll do this, but weore not even close to done working." name Joe Biden on the url.
The last seven years have been packed with progress. See how far we've url.
One last time. url.
Tonightiit's going to be a good time. Don't miss the State of the Union. url url.
Get ready for President Obama's final hashtag and add your voice to the conversation: url.
President Obama's last State of the Union addressiit's only a day away. url url.
January 12idon't miss it. url url.
nother milestone to celebrate for wind poweriand plenty of room to url.
Tuesday: url url.
"Today, the merican auto industry is back." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the incredible progress made in the merican auto url.
Get readyithis one is going to be good. url url.
Read President Obama's name op-ed on how we all play a part in efforts to help hashtag in url.
ICYMI: Listen to what President Obama said to name supporters on a call about steps forward to url.
This doesn't have to be the new normalijoin the fight to help hashtag url.
Happening now: President Obama is speaking to name supporters on how everyone can help hashtag url.
The December jobs report shows big gains in employment and higher wages for merican workers. Read url.
The economy added 292,000 jobs in Decemberia record-breaking 70 consecutive months of private-sector job growth..
If you agree with common-sense steps to help curb gun violence, add your name: url hashtag.
Don't miss President Obama's town hall event on how to hashtag in mericaitune in at 8 p.m. ET on url.
lmost time for President Obama's last hashtag the conversation: url.
Watch what President Obama has to say about his final url.
Don't miss this: url url.
Twelve more months of progress to goisay you'll tune in: url.
Read how President Obama's common-sense actions could help hashtag in url.
Congress caniand shoulditake action to help hashtag dd your name if you agree: url.
"The constant excuses for inaction no longer do." iPresident Obama url.
President Obama's common-sense actions will help hashtag Now Congress needs to step url.
dd your name if you think it's time for Congress to stand up to the gun lobby and help hashtag url.
LIVE: President Obama is talking about how to make our communities safer by reducing gun violence in merica. url.
Tune in at 11:40 a.m. ET to watch President Obama announce steps to help hashtag url.
This is itiPresident Obama's final hashtag Say you'll be watching: url.
Start the new year off the right way and hashtag now: url.
"We know that we canot stop every act of violence. But what if we tried to stop even one?" iPresident url.
Hello, url.
Ring in the new year with the one you url.
FINL CLL: Help make 2016 a year full of progress. Chip in today. url.
You don't want to miss this. Say you'll tune in for President Obama's final hashtag url.
LST CLL: You could be going on a seven-day cruise to laskaibut only if you enter today. url.
Thinking of ways you can help out over the next year? Look no further: url.
DEDLINE: Chip in to help fund the fight for more progress in 2016. url.
You and a friend could be heading north. Enter now to win a cruise to laska: url.
TONIGHT: Come in with the clutch contribution before the deadline. url.
Global climate action became a reality this yearikeep the progress going in 2016: url.
Chip in to help gear up for the big fights in 2016: url.
Here's your chance to get lost in the beauty of the Last Frontier state: url.
Get readyithe deadline to pitch in before the new year is right around the corner. url.
In 31 states, people can still be fired because of who they love. Help change that in 2016: url.
Seven down, one more to go. Make sure you tune in for President Obama's last hashtag url.
Have you entered yet? You and a friend could win a trip to laska: url.
Check out five big victories that made 2015 a great year for url.
Suit upiit's President Obama's final State of the Union. Say you'll tune in: url.
You can still join the team fighting for progress. Get your contribution in under the wire: url.
Seeking adventure? Find it in laska. Enter name contest today: url.
Don't miss your chance for the adventure of a lifetime. Enter nowiand you and a friend could be headed to laska: url.
This year was full of progress. But there's more work to do in 2016iand you can help: url.
"Merry Christmas, everybody!" iPresident url.
Merry Christmas, and happy holidays to you and yoursibig or url.
Beautiful mountain tops. Huge glaciers. nd polar bearsisee them all in laska. url.
Here's one way to help make 2016 a year of action: url.
Time to check this one off your bucket list: url.
2015 has been a great year for progressibut there's still more work to do. url.
Get your donation in before the door closes: url.
Here's your chance to take in this view for yourself: url.
Find out how name url are gearing up to hashtag in their communitiesiand how you can support this url.
This grassroots movement is going full speed ahead into 2016. Help keep up the momentum: url.
Get your binoculars ready. Enter for your chance at an hashtag url.
2015 will likely be the hottest year ever recorded. url hashtag.
Become an name Champion, and cheer on the movement fighting for lasting change: url.
Enter now, and you and a friend could win a seven-day cruise to laska: url.
"The number one reason Iom optimistic going into 2016: It's youithe merican people." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama gives a roundup of the top ten things that happened in 2015. url.
"Stand on the deck. Take in the beauty. Repeat..
Enter to win a seven-day cruise to laska: url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in the Brady Press Briefing Room. url.
Tune in at 1:50 p.m. ET to watch as President Obama holds a news conference. url.
Lend a handichip in to show your support for this grassroots movement. url.
"Bucket list:.
Go on a cruise.
Travel to laska.
Whale watching in the rctic.
.
Enter: url.
This grassroots movement is aiming high for 2016. You can help by pitching in: url.
What are you waiting for? Here's your chance for an laskan adventure: url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the National Counterterrorism Center. url.
Tune in at 12:15 a.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver a statement. url.
Good news: You have two extra days to hashtag for the new year. url.
This is your chance for an adventure. Don't miss it: url.
The hashtag gives us the chance to secure a healthier, more prosperous future for the next url.
fter years of effort by the U.S., nearly every country in the world came together to stand url.
Want to take in this view? Enter now for your chance: url.
DEDLINE: If you want coverage to start off 2016, make sure to check out your options today. url.
Thanks to merican leadership, countries around the world are standing url.
"I believe this moment can be a turning point for the world." iPresident Obama on the url.
A trip to laska could be great motivation to join the fight to hashtag Enter now: url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a naturalization ceremony at the National rchives. url.
"merica, this will changeibut only when we stand up, together, and demand it." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement at the Pentagon. url.
Tune in at 12:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at the Pentagon: url.
Say you stand with countries around the world who are hashtag your name: url hashtag.
This is huge: lmost every country in the world just signed on to the hashtag on climate changeithanks to merican leadership..
Congress still hasn't passed a budget, and time's running out. Read why name supporters are saying url.
8 out of 10 uninsured mericans may qualify for financial help. See if you're one of them: url hashtag.
Start the new year off right: url url.
Climate action at the local level is key in pushing the conversation forward. Read the latest from url.
Enroll by December 15th and you'll ring in the new year with the security of health insurance: url hashtag.
WTCH: President Obama tells a room full of url to continue the fight on climate change. url hashtag.
Nations from around the world are coming together to hashtag Join millions calling for real progress: url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about education and signing the Every Student Succeeds ct. url hashtag.
With merican leadership, more than 180 nations have committed to tackling climate change. url.
The world is hashtag It's time to url.
LIVE: President Obama is delivering remarks at an event marking the 150th anniversary of the 13th mendment. url.
Tune in at 11:50 a.m. ET to watch President Obama commemorate the 150th anniversary of the 13th mendment: url.
Show your support for common-sense gun safety laws like closing the No-Fly List loophole: url hashtag.
Closing the No-Fly List loophole is a no-brainer. url.
Hundreds of nations are coming together to stand hashtag you can join the conversation: url.
The world is hashtag time for climate change deniers in Congress to get on url.
The world is standing hashtag It's time to act. url.
Congress needs to close the No-Fly List loopholeiadd your name if you agree: url hashtag.
Congress can hashtag about url.
LIVE: President Obama is addressing the nation on the threat of terrorism and keeping the merican people safe. url.
Tune in at 8 p.m. ET to watch President Obama address the nation on keeping the merican people safe: url.
"Here in merica itos way too easy for dangerous people to get their hands on a gun." iPresident url.
WTCH: President Obama offers his condolences to the San Bernardino community and calls for common-sense gun url.
Obamacare is helping millions. Repealing it would be devastating to families across the url.
Provisions in hashtag have helped save billions of dollars and more than 80,000 lives. Read more: url.
Employers have added an average of 213,000 jobs a month over the past six months. We have to keep up this progress. url.
The economy added 211,000 jobs in Novemberia record-breaking 69 consecutive months of private-sector job growth..
Countries all over the world are standing hashtag the conversation to be part of this historic moment: url.
This is a huge step forward. url.
Sixty years later, we remember the heroism of Rosa Parks and recommit to the fight for justice and url.
Climate change deniers are trying to undermine merica's commitment to hashtag Read url.
Be a part of this historic moment in the fight against climate changeijoin the hashtag conversation: url hashtag.
Stand up for global action on climate changeiadd your name: url url.
The global talks on climate change have begun. Join the conversation: url hashtag.
Watch President Obama discuss how to build a framework for progress on the global effort to tackle climate url.
Read why the international climate talks in Paris are so important: url hashtag.
Enrolling is easy. Check out your options and hashtag today: url.
Show your support for merican leadership in the international effort to hashtag url.
The Clean Power Plan is one of the biggest step merica's ever taken to tackle climate url.
"Post Thanksgiving to-do list:.
.
Sleep: ui.
Dishes. So many dishes: ui.
hashtag url.
Be thankful todayiand don't url to give back. url.
"No matter our circumstances, all of us have something to be grateful for." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is celebrating the 68th anniversary of the National Thanksgiving Turkey presentation. url.
Read from name on how the United States is leading the international effort to url.
Read how name volunteers in Tennessee are making sure that everyone has access to quality, affordable health url.
Before you start cooking this week, make sure you're covered: url hashtag.
No more excuses. It's time to hashtag url.
Say you're ready for strong global efforts to hashtag let climate change deniers prevent progress: url.
Get a close look inside the first-ever name Organizing Director url.
One year ago the President took common-sense hashtag a long-term fix still hasn't come from url.
Happy birthday name Here's to a great url.
Getting help is easy. Check out your options and hashtag today: url.
Record-breaking temperatures in October keeps 2015 on track to be the hottest year url.
Don't let climate change deniers stand in the way of global progress on climate action: url hashtag.
It's crucial to hashtag this is just one way the Clean Power Plan is a step url.
"Progress isnot guaranteed. Itos not inevitable. Itos something that has to be fought for." iPresident url.
The international community is committed to hashtag your support for global action: url.
Progress on tackling climate change is happeningiand we can't go back. url.
The health care marketplace is openifor a limited time. Now's your chance to hashtag url.
Say you're ready for big progress in the global effort to hashtag your name: url.
Hundreds of hardworking name url came together at the hashtag to drive their work forwarditake a url.
Don't let climate change deniers derail progress in the global effort to hashtag url.
In two weeks, nations across the globe are gathering to hashtag is a big url.
The U.S. has already tripled wind and solar energy since 2008. The Clean Power Plan will continue that url.
The Clean Power Plan is a vital step to hashtag and improve public url.
Get the facts on important issues like climate changeijoin the OF Truth url.
You might be able to get an even better health care plan. Shop around today: url url.
The security of affordable health care might make you dance: url url.
Man-made climate change is having a big effect on global temperatures. Read more: url hashtag.
The fight for common-sense hashtag isn't over. Read url.
Read from veteran and former Federal Chief Sustainability Officer Jon Powers on why it's time to url.
Be covered this wintericheck out your options now: url url.
"On this day and every day, we thank you." iPresident Obama url.
LIVE: President Obama is honoring veterans at rlington National Cemetery. url hashtag.
ICYMI: The unemployment rate is now at a seven-year url.
Make sure to check this off your list: url url.
President Obama explains why the hashtag is good for merican workers and the middle url.
"I'm going to keep on going as long as you'll have me." iPresident Obama to name volunteers hashtag.
"I need you to stay involved. I need you to stay active." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I may only hold this office for the next 14 months, but I'm not going anywhere." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"When the cynics tell us we can't change this country for the better, we know they're wrong. We've got proof." iPresident Obama.
"We've still got our work cut out for us to fix the broken immigration system." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Your url skills are more important than ever."iPresident Obama hashtag.
"You know we've got more work to do. You wouldn't be here if you didn't think we have more work to do."iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Even as our economy is growing, merica's cut our carbon pollution more than any other advanced nation on Earth." iPresident Obama.
"We've covered 17.6 million mericans so far, and in the process the deficit's been cut by two-thirds." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We've seen the longest streak of private-sector job creation on recordithat happened because of you." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"You figure out what's important in your communities and you url around it."iPresident Obama at the hashtag.
"You be the change you want to come about."iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Together, we created a movement for change that couldn't be denied."iPresident Obama hashtag.
"It's always good to be with OF. It's a little bit like coming home."iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking to name volunteers at the hashtag url.
"It was never about yes he caniit was about yes we can." name hashtag.
"For the first time, more than 90% of mericans are covered." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses why it's so important to url.
Retweet if you support merican leadership on climate change. url.
The President just rejected hashtag dd your name to support strong action on climate change: url hashtag.
"If we want to prevent the worst effects of climate change before it's too late, the time to act is now." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Shipping crude oil into our country would not increase merica's energy security." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Today, in 41 states, drivers can find at least one gas station selling gas for less than $2 a gallon." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"In fact, gas prices have already been falling, steadily." iPresident Obama on rejecting the hashtag.
"The pipeline would not lower gas prices for merican consumers." iPresident Obama on rejecting the hashtag.
"If Congress is serious about wanting to create jobs, this was not the way to do it." iPresident Obama on rejecting the hashtag.
"The pipeline would not make a meaningful, long-term contribution to our economy." iPresident Obama on rejecting the hashtag.
BREKING: President Obama just took another huge step to hashtag by rejecting the hashtag pipeline..
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement. url.
The economy added 271,000 jobs in Octoberia record-breaking 68 consecutive months of private-sector job growth..
The hashtag eliminates 18,000 taxes that other countries put on merican goods. url hashtag.
More merican-made exports means more higher-paying jobs at home: url hashtag url.
"When we have a level playing field, mericans out-compete anyone in the world." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
Negotiations on the hashtag are complete, and the full text is now available online. Find out more: url hashtag.
More than two dozen states and cities are fighting to hashtag by defending the Clean Power url.
Finding a plan that fits your needs is easy. Check out your options and hashtag url.
A vocal minority could still derail the bipartisan budget dealidon't let that happen. Show your support: url.
Get an update on issues that matter, from gun violence prevention to health care url.
The marketplace is open againishop around and find a plan that works for you: url url.
Working hard in merica shouldn't mean choosing between a paycheck and a sick kid at home. url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the re-entry process of formerly incarcerated individuals. url.
Tune in at 4:20 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak on rehabilitation and reintegration: url hashtag.
Here's what happened when 35 passionate student url came together to learn how to improve their url.
Under hashtag the uninsured rate in the United States is at the lowest level on url.
Nearly 8 in 10 uninsured mericans may be eligible for financial help. Check out your options: url hashtag.
Open enrollment is back: url url.
"Post Halloween checklist:.
.
Coffee: ui.
Brunch: ui.
Health insurance: url.
hashtag.
The health care marketplace is open again. Check out your options now: url hashtag.
Don't miss your chance to hashtag url.
Trick-or-treat? url.
Make sure you hashtag tomorrowibefore you eat too much Halloween url.
"Every year, we spend $80 billion in taxpayer dollars to keep people incarcerated." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama calls for meaningful criminal justice reform: url.
Don't miss it. url.
Watch as President Obama and name welcome children to trick-or-treat at the White House: url.
Passionate student url came together at name Campus Organizing Summit. Find out url.
DYK: Under hashtag millions of young adults are able to remain on their parents' plans until they turn url.
"I applaud the Democrats and Republicans who came together this morning to pass a responsible, long-term budget agreement." iPresident Obama.
Spread the word: There are nearly 10.5 million uninsured mericans who may be eligible to hashtag in url.
Read name op-ed on how science and data are helping the U.S. focus on the long-term costs of climate url.
Big polluters and climate change deniers are standing in the way of progressifight back: url.
17.6 million mericans have gained coverage under hashtag a url.
Don't let climate change deniers have the final say on the Clean Power Planishow your support: url hashtag.
Open enrollment is right around the corner. url.
If you want cleaner air and improved public health, add your name: url url.
merica's mayors are calling for Congress to hashtag about gun url.
Retweet to spread the word. url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the International ssociation of Chiefs of Police Conference and Exposition. url.
t 3 p.m. ET, watch President Obama address the International ssociation of Chiefs of Police in Chicago: url.
LIVE: President Obama is welcoming the name to celebrate their World Cup victory. url hashtag.
New federal limits on methane pollution will help make our air cleaner. Show your support: url hashtag.
"We've led by example, generating more clean energy and lowering our carbon emissions." iPresident url.
This is why the Clean Power Plan matters. url.
LIVE: President Obama is hosting a panel at the White House on criminal justice reform. url.
Organizers in New Mexico are working to make sure people in their communities have affordable care. Read url.
LIVE: President Obama is in West Virginia hosting a community discussion on drug abuse. url.
Tune in at 2:20 p.m. ET to watch President Obama host a community forum on drug abuse. url.
A new poll shows that a majority of mericans want common-sense laws on gun sales: url hashtag.
ction on climate change can't waitiwhich is why the Clean Power Plan is so url.
Eighty-one companies support a global agreement to url.
ICYMI: Yesterday marked the official adoption of the url.
Diali came to name to develop her digital content production skills and continue a career in url Read url.
"The United States is home to 5% of the worldos population, but 25% of the worldos prisoners." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the steps needed to fix our criminal justice system. url.
Retweet if you agree it's time to url.
Coal mining companies are supporting an international deal to hashtag url It's time for deniers to get on board..
Under the Obama administration, the deficit is down nearly 75 percentithe lowest it's been since url.
dd your name to the thousands of people asking Congress to stand up and hashtag about gun violence: url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a celebration of Hispanic Heritage Month. url.
Tune in at 4:45 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at an event celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month. url.
See where your representatives stand on the basic science of climate change: url hashtag.
Climate change denial is at a record lowijust not in Congress. Read more: url hashtag.
Make your sweet tooth happyiit's url.
Hundreds of url recently gathered in New Mexico to celebrate progress on health care reform. Read url.
nother reason why it's so important to url.
Read why name thinks hashtag will be good for manufacturing and boost products url.
Former Washington Governor Christine Gregoire on why the hashtag will help protect the url.
Expanding Medicaid isn't just practicaliit's the right thing to do. url hashtag.
Repealing hashtag is still a bad url.
Keep the conversation on gun violence going until Congress will hashtag about it: url.
"Outdated trade rules put our workers at a disadvantageiand TPP will change that." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses how the hashtag will put merican workers first. url.
Wind and solar energy are getting cheaper and cheaperithe hashtag energy is url.
dd your name to the list of people asking Congress to hashtag about gun violence: url.
Check out how these name volunteers are making a difference on gun violence in their community: url hashtag.
Retweet if you agree: It's time for Congress to put politics aside and hashtag about gun url.
Our thoughts and prayers are not enough. It's time for Congress to hashtag to prevent gun violence tragedies: url.
"This will not change until the politics change." iPresident Obama on gun violence url.
Take a look at some of the most important recent stories on gun violence prevention: url hashtag.
dd your name if you agree it's time for Congress to hashtag about gun violence in merica. url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the name Summit on Worker Voice. url.
n name volunteer reflects on the trainings she receivedithat helped her land her dream url.
Stand up for merican workersiadd your name if you agree it's time to hashtag url.
The hashtag establishes the highest labor standards of any trade agreement in url.
The more U.S. goods sold abroad, the more higher-paying jobs are supported at homeianother reason to url.
"I refuse to leave our children a planet that's beyond their capacity to repair." iPresident Obama url.
dd your name to support the most progressive trade deal in this nation's history: url hashtag.
Great news: President Obama just secured a trade deal that puts merican workers first. url hashtag.
Twenty-three years and still going strong. Here's to many more. url.
"Congress should do its job, stop kicking the can down the road, and pass a serious budget." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama urges Congress to pass a real budget. url.
Private-sector jobs have grown for a record-breaking 67 straight monthsibut there's more to do..
More than 10,000 people die from gun violence in the U.S. each yearithat can change. url.
Our thoughts and prayers are not enoughiit's time to take url.
Organizers across the country are working to prevent gun violenceistate by state. Read url.
LST CLL: Enter for a chance to meet President Obama. url.
DEDLINE: Tonight. Time to make your moveichip in now. url.
This is your chance to meet President Obama. (No joke.) url.
You and a guest could fly to D.C. and meet the President. Enter now for your chance: url.
Give this grassroots movement a liftibecome a recurring donor today: url.
Enter before midnight and youiand your BFFicould meet the President this fall. url.
Better hurryithe deadline to show your support for this grassroots movement is tonight. url.
Want to hear that laugh in person? Throw your name in before tonight's deadline: url.
Enter now and you could meet President Obama in D.C. this fall: url.
"Coffee: ao.
Fall sweater: ao.
Meeting the President: ?.
.
Enter before hashtag ends: url.
Chip in to fight for real, lasting change: url.
Give it your best shotienter today for your chance to meet the President: url.
In an interview with name President Obama lays out why we need to hashtag before it's too url.
This movement started with grassroots supporters just like you. Help keep it goingichip in $5 or more today: url.
Watch a hashtag clip about President Obama's historic visit to a federal url.
Don't miss the chance to meet President Obama this falliall you have to do is enter: url.
Want to be the one walking through that door? Enter the contest now: url.
Beat the buzzerithe big fundraising deadline is almost here. url.
Time's running outidon't miss your chance to meet President Obama. url.
Do you hear that? It's the sound of a big fundraising deadline. Chip in now: url.
Fall is hereiand so is your chance to meet President Obama. Enter now: url.
Walk the walkisupport the team that's fighting for today's important issues. url.
Climate change is an issue that cannot be left for future generationsiand name agrees: url hashtag.
You could win a chance to meet President Obama. (Let that sink in.) Enter now: url.
Don't cruise past this fundraising deadline. Chip in now: url.
With less than a week left to avert a shutdown, Congress is wasting time trying to take away women's access to health care. hashtag.
Change starts with people working together. Read how volunteers in Tucson are url to make change a url.
Give your hashtag an upgradeienter now to meet President Obama: url.
17.6 million mericans coveredithat's a number to celebrate: url hashtag.
Watch name say why it's so important for everyone to come together to hashtag url.
Dress to impressiyou could win the chance to meet President Obama. Enter now: url.
"Michelle and I extend our wishes for an easy fast to all those observing Yom Kippur." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: Watch as name is welcomed to the White House. url hashtag.
Get your camera readyithis is your chance to meet President Obama. Enter now: url.
LIVE: President Obama and others are greeting name at Joint Base ndrews. url.
merica doesn't need another shutdownimembers of Congress need to do their job and pass a budget. Read url.
Hope you're readyifall is url.
Read how name volunteers in Tucson are working hard to bring change to their url.
Climate change is realiand it's time to act. url (h/t url.
"Thereos nothing principled about the idea of another government shutdown." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama calls on Congress to stop playing games with our economy and pass a url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the White House screening of name documentary on criminal justice reform. url.
When women are empowered, extraordinary things happen. Read more: url.
Retweet if you agree. url.
It's time to hashtag what's good for workers and families is good for the url.
The uninsured rate continues to falliand that's no accident. Read about how hashtag is making a url.
"If you're eligible, commit to becoming a citizen today." iPresident Obama url.
Investments in clean energy are boosting the economyiwhile fighting climate change. url.
States and cities from the U.S. and China are pledging to hashtag earlier than national url.
Since President Obama took office, the economy has seen the longest streak of private-sector job growth on url.
Obamacare is workingiand it's lowering the uninsured url.
Since President Obama took office, the deficit has been reduced by more than url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking with a group of business leaders at the name url.
Listen to President Obama's advice on going to college for high school seniorsiincluding his oldest url.
Be part of the team fighting back against misinformation with facts: url.
LIVE: President Obama is hosting a town hall on college access and affordability with high school students. url.
Tune in at 4:40 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss college affordability with high school students in Iowa: url.
"From my family to yours, Shanah Tovah." iPresident Obama on url.
"Everyone should be able to find clear, reliable, open data on college affordability and value." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses another step in expanding url.
"The events of September 11, 2001, left a permanent mark on the spirit of every merican." iPresident url.
"This vote is a victory for diplomacy ... and for the safety and security of the world." iPresident Obama on the hashtag vote.
Retweet if you agree that education should be available to all those willing to work for it. url.
"I want two years of college to be as free and universal as high school is today." iPresident url.
Progress happens when people fight for it. Join the movementisay you're in: url.
"I believe that working mericans should have the basic security of paid leave." iPresident Obama url.
LIVE: President Obama and name discuss the administration's plan to expand hashtag url.
Tune in at 3:40 p.m. ET to watch President Obama and name speak in Michigan on expanding hashtag url.
Solar energy is heading toward a record-setting year for growth. Find out url.
Get the facts on one of today's most consequential foreign policy debates: url hashtag.
The Obama administration is pushing for paid leave and a higher minimum wage at the state and local url.
Check out Secretary of State name op-ed debunking some of the myths surrounding the url.
The hashtag has overwhelming support among leading scientists and non-proliferation url.
Today, merica celebrates the grit and resilience of working families. Happy url.
Today President Obama is expanding access to paid sick leave for about 300,000 federal workers. url hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the Greater Boston Labor Council hashtag Breakfast. url.
"Plain and simple, a shutdown would hurt working mericans." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the need for Congress to pass a budget and avoid a url.
It's a beautiful world. Let's fight to protect url.
Go behind the lens with name photo gallery from President Obama's recent trip to url.
DEDLINE: Today is your last chance to show your support for updated overtime rules. url hashtag.
Higher wages, 173,000 jobs added, and a dropping unemployment rate are all good newsibut there's more work to url.
The economy added 173,000 jobs in ugustia record-breaking 66 consecutive months of private-sector job growth..
Under the hashtag Iran can't build a secret nuclear weapon. Learn url.
Tomorrow is the last dayiadd your name if you agree it's time to hashtag for millions of middle-class families: url.
Read why it's crucial to hashtag protections for millions of working url.
Read how the Obama administration is fighting to restore workers' rights for millions of hard-working url.
President Obama is highlighting the effects of climate climate during his trip to laska. Check it url.
"Few things can have as negative an impact on our economy as climate change." iPresident Obama url.
uClimate change is no longer some far-off problem; it is happening here, it is happening now." iPresident url.
Get a behind-the-scenes look at President Obama's trip to laskaithe front lines in the fight against climate url.
Make your voice heard on updating overtime rules before Friday's deadline: url url.
It's official: Mount McKinley is now Denali. url.
Read what former U.S. Secretary of State name lbright has to say about the url.
Find out how name is giving url around the country the training and management skills they need to url.
"s long as Iom President, merica will lead the world to meet the threat of climate change." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses his upcoming trip to laska and pledges to url.
Read name thoughts on why it's vital for Congress to stand by the url.
These professional fellows learned skills that will help them keep fighting for the issues that url.
dd your nameibecause in 2015, equal pay for equal work shouldn't be controversial. url hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the rebuilding of New Orleans ten years after Hurricane Katrina. url hashtag.
Tune in at 4:55 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss hashtag and the rebirth of New Orleans. url.
dd your name if you believe that when women succeed, merica succeeds: url hashtag.
Meet lexaian name supporter who knows there's no better time to fight for progress than url.
One url is sharing her story about continuing the fight for womenos url.
This hashtag say you'll continue the fight for progress. url.
The fight for equality is not over. url.
"No challenge poses a greater threat to our future than climate change." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
Thanks name for keeping our lands and waters beautiful for 99 yearsiand counting. url.
These fellows are fighting for progress by building new digital url skills. Read url.
Want to join the conversation on the hashtag dd your name to get more information. url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the National Clean Energy Summit. url hashtag.
Tune in at 8 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at the National Clean Energy Summit in Las Vegas: url hashtag.
President Obama is announcing a plan to make it easier and cheaper for homeowners to hashtag url.
Investing in renewable energy helps fight climate changeiand creates jobs. url.
Find out how one young url is turning her outrage on the gender wage gap into url.
Read why it's so important to stay informed and join the conversation on the url.
"Congress left town for five full weeksiand they left behind a stack of unfinished business." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the need for Congress to pass a responsible url.
dd your name to get important information about the hashtag make sure you have all the facts: url.
Leading scientists and non-proliferation experts are making their voices heard on the url.
Today, two women are making historyibecoming the first to graduate from the name Ranger url.
July was the hottest month ever url.
This is a big deal in the fight to curb climate change. url.
Getting the full story on something as big as the hashtag is important. dd your name to stay informed: url.
Follow the new "Letters to President Obama" Tumblristarting with a letter thanking the President for url.
Donot let climate change deniers set us back. dd your name to support the Clean Power Plan: url.
Give 42 a round of applause today. Happy birthday, url.
Change starts with one voice speaking out. Read one url story about the fight for womenos url.
New limits on methane pollution will help curb climate change and protect public health: url hashtag.
Be part of the name fight back with facts: url.
Climate change deniers want to stop the Clean Power Plan. Donot let themiadd your name today: url hashtag.
dd your name if you're ready for cleaner, safer air: url url.
Read about President Obama's latest move to reduce methane gas pollution from landfills: url hashtag.
WTCH: Find out why President Obama is heading to laska at the end of the url.
Take a stand with state leaders committed to hashtag Show your support for the Clean Power Plan: url.
Jon traveled 3,000 miles to change the conversation about climate change. Read more: url hashtag.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses efforts to improve community policing. Watch url.
A majority of mericans favor a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants living in url.
Studies show that hashtag is not ukillingu full-time jobs like critics url.
These three Marines lowered the merican flag in hashtag in 1961. Today, they raised it url.
Today is the 80th birthday of hashtag lifeline to millions of url.
Read about Jon's 3,000 mile journey to fight climate change: url hashtag.
Retweet if you believe it's time for action on climate change. url.
Read President Obama's powerful letter to the editor on restoring the Voting Rights url.
President Obama is heading to laskaithe front lines in the fight against climate change. url.
Expanding overtime protections will be good for women and good for families. url.
The uninsured rate is now down to single digits for the first timeithanks to hashtag url.
Expanding overtime protections will benefit millions of families. dd your voice to show support: url hashtag.
Read these stories from working moms and see why we need to url.
"What makes merica special is our capacity to change." iPresident url.
Read about how expanding overtime protections would help millions of mericansiand women in particular: url hashtag.
A new report shows that wind energy is boomingiand now provides 73,000 jobs in the U.S. Read more: url hashtag.
Check it out: President Obama answers tough questions on the hashtag in an interview with url.
Renewable energy is good for the economy. url.
The President took readers' questions on the hashtag in an interview with name Check it out: url.
DYK: States that embraced hashtag and expanded Medicaid are seeing huge drops in uninsured url.
Show your support for this historic step in the fight to hashtag url.
"The right to vote is one of the most fundamental rights of any democracy." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
In the weekly address, the President commemorates the 50th nniversary of the Voting Rights ct: url hashtag.
ICYMI: Read President Obama's thoughts on the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights ct. url hashtag.
Cleaner air is safer air. url.
The economy is still improvingibut there's more work to do. Read more about the latest jobs url.
The economy added 215,000 jobs in Julyimarking a record-breaking 65 consecutive months of private-sector job growth..
"You've been a great gift to the country." iPresident Obama to Jon Stewart on name url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights ct. url hashtag.
Find out how you can support the Clean Power Plan. Read President Obama's message: url hashtag.
Stand with state leaders who are fighting to hashtag with the Clean Power Plan: url.
From name Read why the Clean Power Plan is vital to the fight against climate change: url hashtag.
"It is surely the pursuit of peace that is most needed in this world so full of strife." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"s members of Congress reflect on their pending decision, I urge them to set aside political considerations.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
"s mericans, we should be proud of this achievement." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Now we have before us a solution that prevents Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon without resorting to war." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"President Kennedy warned mericans not to see conflict as inevitable. It is time to apply such wisdom.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I have repeatedly challenged anyone opposed to this deal to put forward a better, plausible alternative." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"When we carefully examine the arguments against this deal, none of them stand up to scrutiny.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
"If Iran violates this deal, we will have ample opportunity to respond." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Worry less about being labeled weak. Worry more about getting it right.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
"How can we in good conscience justify war before we have tested a diplomatic agreement that achieves our objectives?" iPresident Obama.
uThe choice we face is ultimately between diplomacy or some sort of war.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
uWalk away from this agreement and you will get a better dealifor Iran.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
uThose who say we can walk away from this deal and maintain sanctions are selling a fantasy.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We will continue to have sanctions in place on Iran's support for terrorism and violation of human rights."iPresident Obama hashtag.
uThere is no scenario where sanctions relief turns Iran into the region's dominate power.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
un argument against sanctions relief is effectively an argument against any diplomatic solution.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Without this deal, the scenarios that critics warn about happening in 15 years could happen six months from now." iPresident Obama.
"The bottom line is, if Iran cheats, we can catch themiand we will." iPresident Obama hashtag.
uThis deal is not just the best choice among alternativesithis is the strongest non-proliferation agreement ever.u iPresident Obama.
uIf Iran violates the agreement over the next decade all of the sanctions can snap back in to place.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Iran has powerful incentives to keep its commitments." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This deal shuts off the type of covert program Iran has pursued in the past.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
"In July, we reached a comprehensive plan of action that meets our objectives." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"What was once proclaimed as a historic mistake is now held up as a success." iPresident Obama hashtag.
uThe progress of Iran's nuclear program was halted for the first time in a decade.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
"It was diplomacy that ratcheted up the pressure on Iran." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Winning this global buy-in was not easy. I know. I was there." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"What made our new approach more effective was our ability to draw upon new U.N. Security Council resolutions." iPresident Obama hashtag.
uIt was our very willingness to negotiate that helped merica rally the world to our cause.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I have also made clear my preference for a peaceful diplomatic resolution of the issue." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Even before taking office, I made clear that Iran would not be allowed to acquire a nuclear weapon on my watch." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The question then is not whether to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon, but how." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Now more than ever, we need clear thinking in our foreign policy." iPresident Obama hashtag.
uMore than a decade later, we still live with the consequences of the decision to invade Iraq.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at name about the importance of the hashtag url.
Tune in at 11:20 a.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss the historic hashtag at name url.
Help President Obama celebrate another great yeariwish him a happy birthday: url url.
The Clean Power Plan is the most important step we've ever taken to hashtag your support: url.
WTCH: We only get one planetithat's why it's so important to url.
It's President Obama's birthday. Wish him a happy 54th: url url.
If you're committed to hashtag support the Clean Power Planiadd your name now: url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about fighting climate change with the Clean Power Plan. url hashtag.
Tune in at 2:15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss the importance of the Clean Power Plan: url hashtag.
Celebrate President Obama's birthday by wishing him a happy 54th: url url.
Guess who has a birthday coming up? (Hint: It's hashtag url.
"This week ... Medicare and Medicaid turned 50 years old. nd thatos something worth celebrating." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the impact of Medicare and Medicaid on the 50th anniversary: url.
"To: President Obama.
Happy 54th!.
From: You.
.
Wish the Commander-in-Chief a happy birthday: url.
Tell the Organizer-in-Chief happy birthdayisign name card: url hashtag.
cross the country, name volunteers are making a difference in the fight to url.
Sign name birthday card for President Obama: url url.
Help President Obama cap off a great year. Wish him a happy birthday: url url.
Solar energy is booming. url.
You don't have to be a policy expert to make a difference on issues like climate url.
ICYMI: Some of merica's largest businesses are investing in clean energy to cut carbon pollution. url hashtag.
Study shows hashtag leads to fewer uninsured mericans, better health, and improved access to url.
Read how name is training the next generation of digital url url url.
Join the team that's spreading the truth on the most important url.
It's the final week of hashtag take url.
merican businesses are pledging $140 billion to reduce carbon pollution and url.
"We should reward drive, innovation, and fair play. Thatos what Wall Street reform does." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the progress we've made because of Wall Street reform: url.
See what your state's minimum wage is with this state-by-state tracker: url hashtag.
Some states are making real progress to hashtag Read url.
Have questions about the historic hashtag Follow name for information and updates. hashtag.
Investing in energy efficiency and renewable energy will help cut consumer electricity bills. Read url.
States across the country are taking action to hashtag for hard-working residents: url.
Great news: Jobless claims just fell to the lowest level in four url.
Carbon pollution from power plants is being reduced, even as the economy grows. Read more: url hashtag.
The President's hashtag will be good for the economyibut opponents are standing in the url.
Check out the President's final appearance on name his newest "executive order": url.
Nearly 10,000 mericans turn 65 every day. Stand up for a society that's ready for a changing merica: url.
Opponents of common-sense immigration reform are standing in the way of progress: url.
"We still have more to do to make sure that people with disabilities are paid fairly for their labor." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This is not just about merican rights. It's about human rights." iPresident Obama hashtag.
" few years ago I issued an executive order requiring the federal government to hire more mericans with disabilities." iPresident Obama.
"Days like today are a celebration of our history. But they're also a chance to rededicate ourselves to the future." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: The President is speaking about the 25th anniversary of the mericans with Disabilities ct. url.
Tune in at 5:00 p.m. ET to watch the President speak on the 25th anniversary of the mericans with Disabilities ct: url.
"We are not just mericans, but citizens of Earth." name url.
Stand with the President's plan to make sure more people have access to a secure and dignified retirement: url.
"This deal will make merica and the world safer and more secure." iPresident Obama on the url.
In the weekly address, President Obama explains the comprehensive hashtag url.
Read how name volunteers are pushing to hashtag in their communities: url.
Yesterday, President Obama became the first sitting president to visit a federal prison. Read some of the url.
"From my family to yours, Eid Mubarak!" iPresident Obama.
Read why these three congressmen believe hashtag is url.
Read how President Obama is laying the groundwork for criminal justice url.
LIVE: The President is speaking about expanding high-speed broadband to low-income households. url.
Tune in at 6:45 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about ensuring internet access for all mericans: url.
Taking hashtag is the right thing to url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the hashtag url.
Read the emotional exchange between the President and a former url.
"If we keep taking steps toward a more perfect union ... merica will move forward. There's nothing we can't do." iPresident Obama.
"We cannot ignore the problems that we have, but we can't stop running the race." iPresident Obama.
"We are not perfect, but we have the capacity to be more perfectimile after mile, step after step." iPresident Obama.
"Justice and redemption go hand in hand." iPresident Obama.
"Justice is living up to the common creed that I am my brother's keeper and I am my sister's keeper." iPresident Obama.
"Justice is making sure that every young person knows that they are special and their lives matter." iPresident Obama.
"Justice is not only the absence of oppressioniit is the presence of opportunity." iPresident Obama.
"Let's reward prisoners with reduced sentences if they complete programs that make them less likely to repeat an offense." iPresident Obama.
"I've asked my ttorney General to start a review of the overuse of solitary confinement in our federal prisons." iPresident Obama.
"We should not tolerate conditions in prison that have no place in any civilized country." iPresident Obama.
"On Thursday, I will be the first sitting president to visit a federal prison." iPresident Obama.
"We should pass a sentencing reform bill through congress this year." iPresident Obama.
"For nonviolent drug crimes, we need to lower long mandatory minimum sentencesior get rid of them entirely." iPresident Obama.
"Don't just tag them as future criminals. Reach out to them as future citizens." iPresident Obama.
"We have to restore trust between our police and some of the communities where they serve." iPresident Obama.
"We gotta make sure boys and girls in those communities are loved and cherished and nurtured and invested in." iPresident Obama.
"What doesn't make sense is treating entire neighborhoods as danger zones." iPresident Obama.
"We recognize that every child deserves opportunity. Not just some. Not just our own." iPresident Obama.
"One study found that for every dollar we invest in Pre-K, we save at least twice that in reduced crime." iPresident Obama.
"If we make investments early in our children, we will reduce the need to incarcerate those kids." iPresident Obama.
"I believe crime is like any other epidemiciwe need to stop it before it starts." iPresident Obama.
"For the first time in 40 years, merica's crime rate and incarceration rate went down at the same time." iPresident Obama.
"This is a cause that is bringing people in both houses of Congress together." iPresident Obama.
"Mass incarceration makes our country worse offiand we need to do something about it." iPresident Obama.
"Our criminal justice system isn't as smart as it should be." iPresident Obama.
"Our nation is being robbed of men and women who could be workers and taxpayers." iPresident Obama.
"round one million fathers are behind bars. round one in nine frican-merican kids has a parent in prison." iPresident Obama.
"frican mericans are more likely to be arrested. They are more likely to be sentenced to more time for the same crime." iPresident Obama.
" growing body of research shows that people of color are more likely to be frisked, stopped, questioned, detained." iPresident Obama.
"frican mericans and Latinos make up 30 percent of our population. They make up 60 percent of our inmates." iPresident Obama.
"Roughly one-third of the Justice Department's budget now goes toward incarceration." iPresident Obama.
"For $80 billion we could double the salary of every high school teacher in merica." iPresident Obama.
"Every year, we spend $80 billion to keep those folks incarcerated." iPresident Obama.
"In far too many cases the punishment does not fit the crime." iPresident Obama.
"Over the last few decades, we've locked up more and more nonviolent drug offenders for longer than ever before." iPresident Obama.
"If we're going to deal with this problem, and the inequities involved, we're going to have to speak honestly." iPresident Obama.
"Our prison population has doubled in the last two decades alone." iPresident Obama.
"In 1980, there were 500,000 people behind bars in merica ... Today, there are 2.2 million." iPresident Obama.
"The United States is home to 5 percent of the world's population, but 25 percent of the world's prisoners." iPresident Obama.
"In too many cases our criminal justice system becomes a pipeline from underfunded schools to overcrowded jails." iPresident Obama.
"There is a long history of inequity in the criminal justice system in merica." iPresident Obama.
"We can't be satisfiediare not satisfiediuntil the opportunity gap is closed for everybody in merica." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Health care is not a privilege for the few, but a right for all of us." iPresident Obama.
"We made progress, but our work is not done." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I would not be here and so many others would not be here without the NCP." iPresident Obama.
"Let's get something out of the way up front: I am not singing today." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: The President is speaking about criminal justice reform at the name National Convention. url hashtag.
Tune in at 4:05 p.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver remarks at the name National Convention: url hashtag.
Congratulations to name on completing a three-billion-mile journey. url.
WTCH: Get the facts on why it's time to hashtag protections for millions of workers. url.
Read the President's op-ed in name on the importance of protecting mericanso retirement url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the 2015 White House Conference on ging. url hashtag.
Tune in at 11:15 a.m. ET to watch the President deliver remarks at the name Conference on ging: url hashtag.
"Too often, where people live determines what opportunities they have in life." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, the President discusses how to make it easier for communities to adopt the Fair Housing url.
The President just took steps to protect more than one million acres of public land: url.
The uninsured rate is now at the lowest level to dateithanks to url.
Be part of the movement working for lasting, progressive change: url url.
Everyone deserves the same benefits, no matter who they love. url hashtag.
Read name Biden's thoughts on how marriage equality makes our country a better place: url hashtag.
Thanks to hashtag women are saving more than a billion dollars in out-of-pocket contraceptive url.
dd your name if you think itos time to expand overtime protections for hard-working mericans: url hashtag.
"You inspired a whole new generation of young women." iPresident Obama to the name url.
dd your nameibecause a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay: url hashtag.
Expanding overtime protections will improve the lives of middle-class families. Read more: url hashtag.
Read how the Obama administration plans to help renters and low-income homeowners gain easier access to solar url.
dd your name if you think it's time to hashtag protections for hard-working mericans: url.
Expanding overtime protections will benefit nearly five million mericans. Show your supportiadd your name today: url.
ICYMI: Read why President Obama's plan to update overtime rules is a big deal for middle-class url.
Because a hard day's work deserves a fair day's url.
"Good luck to the U.S. Womenos National Team in the World Cup Final!" iPresident Obama url.
"From my family to yours, have a safe and happy Fourth of July." iPresident url.
Happy Fourth of url.
Updating overtime pay rules will benefit nearly five million merican workers: url hashtag.
"Happy Fourth of July, everybody. God bless you. God bless merica." iPresident Obama.
"If we're walking down that road together, we're going to get there faster." iPresident Obama.
"The last seven yearsishoot, the last seven daysishould remind us there's nothing merica cannot do." iPresident Obama.
"When the playing field is level, merican workers always win." iPresident Obama.
"No middle-class family should be priced out of the education that they need." iPresident Obama.
"In merica, a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay." iPresident Obama.
"This is an issue of basic fairness: If you work longer and you work harder, you should get paid for it." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Over the past couple of years, 17 states, almost 30 counties and cities have taken action to raise the minimum wage." iPresident Obama.
"We're stronger together than we are by ourselves." iPresident Obama.
"Folks url sometimesiunions are what helped bring about the 40-hour work week." iPresident Obama.
"We need to boost the minimum wage. Give merica a raise." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The bottom line is: Top-down economics doesn't work. Middle-class economics works." iPresident Obama.
"We've been talking about the middle class since before it was cool." iPresident Obama.
"Middle-class economics works." iPresident Obama.
"Not only are more people getting health care, businesses are able to start giving raises to their workers." iPresident Obama.
"The uninsured rate in merica is now the lowest on record." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We put in place the toughest Wall Street reform in history that's protecting main street from another crisis." iPresident Obama.
"Today our high school graduation rate is at an all-time high." iPresident Obama.
"We've added nearly 900,000 new manufacturing jobs." iPresident Obama.
"nd by the way, our teachers are underpaid." iPresident Obama.
"We've got to make folks feel like their hard work is getting them somewhere." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"12.8 million new jobs, and that's goodibut we've got more work to do." iPresident Obama.
"ll told, we've now seen 64 straight months of private-sector job growth, which is a new record." iPresident Obama.
"This morning, we learned that our businesses created another 223,000 jobs last month." iPresident Obama.
"merica has always done better economically when we're all in it together. When everyone gets a fair shot." iPresident Obama.
"The freedom to marry who you loveithat's now open to all of us. That's a good thing." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"It's been a remarkable few weeks in merica." iPresident Obama.
"No matter where you live, this is a special time of year to be an merican." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: President Obama is at name speaking about economic progress. url.
Tune in at 2:30 p.m. ET to watch President Obama talk about the progress made on the economy: url.
In the past two years, the U.S. economy has created 5.6 million jobsithe strongest two-year job growth since url.
The economy added 223,000 jobs in Juneimarking 64 consecutive months of private-sector job growth..
Three of the world's biggest economies announced new goals to url.
uWe want to educate people, we want to listen to folks, we want to hear good ideas from all sources." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I'm hoping that what we can do now is focus on how we can make it better." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This wasn't about politicsithis was about people." iPresident Obama.
"The thing I've never lost sight of, though, is that this is about people." iPresident Obama.
"I'm feeling pretty good about how health care is going." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Not only has the law worked better than expected ... but it's ended up costing less than people expected." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: hashtag has made health care stronger, more secure, and more reliable..
"You're able to get free preventive care, including mammograms, as a consequence of this law." iPresident Obama.
"Everybody who has health insurance benefited and continues to benefit from this law." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: The President is speaking about the benefits of hashtag and how to continue progress on health care reform. url.
Tune in at 2:30 p.m. ET to watch the President discuss how we can build on the progress made under hashtag url.
LST CLL: Enter for your chance to fly to Hawaii and relax in paradise. url.
Say you'll keep up the fightishow your support and chip in before midnight: url.
BUZZER BETER: There's not a lot of time left on the clock. Chip in $5 now. url.
TONIGHT: Don't miss your chance to see Hawaii. Enter before the deadline. url.
"Too many mericans are working long days for less pay than they deserve." iPresident Obama on overtime url.
Don't miss your shot to chip in before tonight's deadline: url.
Help break the silence on gun violence in merica. Join the fight for common-sense reform: url.
You've never seen greens like this. Enter now for your chance to win a trip to Hawaii: url.
Chip inithe deadline is quickly approaching: url.
Organizing in paradiseithe only thing missing is you: url.
dd your name if you agree that it's time to stand up and do something about gun violence in merica: url.
"For too long, weove been blind to the unique mayhem that gun violence inflicts upon this nation." iPresident Obama.
Sign up for your chance to see firsthand how url is making a difference in Hawaii: url.
Better hurryithe deadline to chip in is right around the corner: url.
You could be url in paradise: url.
The President is acting where he can, but we need Congress to pass a comprehensive solution to fix our broken system. hashtag.
Over the past two years, the Houseos failure to take hashtag has cost the country $26.8 billion..
The bill would have put millions of people on a path to citizenship and grown the economy by a cumulative $1.2 trillion. hashtag.
Two years ago today, the Senate passed a bill to fix our broken immigration system with a bipartisan majority. hashtag.
"The ffordable Care ct still stands. It is working, and it is here to stay." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
In the weekly address, the President reaffirms how the Supreme Court ruling on hashtag is a victory for url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Charleston honoring the life of Reverend Clementa Pinckney. url.
Watch the President's full statement on the Supreme Court's ruling on marriage equality. url.
History. url.
Retweet to spread the word. url.
This ruling is a victory for friends, families, and url who fought tirelessly for years for marriage equality. hashtag.
"merica should be very proud." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Those countless, often anonymous heroesithey deserve our thanks." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"What a vindication of the belief that ordinary people can do extraordinary things." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Today we can say in no uncertain terms that we've made our union a little more perfect." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"merica is a place where you can write your own destiny." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"For all our differences, we are one peopleistronger together than we could ever be alone." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"When all mericans are treated as equal, we are all more free." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This ruling is a victory for merica." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"ll people should be treated equally, regardless of who they are or who they love." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This morning the Supreme Court recognized the Constitution guarantees marriage equality." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We are all created equal." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking on today's historical decision on marriage equality. url hashtag.
ffordable health care is a right for all, not a privilege for a url.
"This was a good day for merica. Let's get back to work." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"That's when merica soarsiwhen we look out for one another." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"What we're not going to do is unravel what we've woven into the fabric of merica." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We're making progress. We're going to keep working to get more people covered." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"With this case behind us, let's be clear: We've got more work to do." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This reform remains what it's always been: a set of fair rules and tougher protections." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"cross the country, there are people who are directly benefiting from the law and don't even know it." iPresident Obama.
"Five years in, this is no longer about a law ... This is health care in merica." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This law is now helping tens of millions of mericans." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This is not a set of political talking points. This is reality. This law is working." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"s the law's provisions have gradually taken effect, more than 16 million mericans have gained coverage so far." iPresident Obama.
"merica would have gone backwards. That's not what we do. We move forward." iPresident Obama.
"The ffordable Care ct is here to stay." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"When the dust has settled, there can be no doubt that this law is working." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"In merica, health care is not a privilege for the few but a right for all." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about today's hashtag ruling. url.
Tune in to hear the President give a statement about today's hashtag ruling at 11:30 a.m. ET: url.
Hawaii is leading the way on some of the most important issues. Enter for the chance to see that progress firsthand: url.
Repealing hashtag still a bad url.
More mericans don't have to worry about medical bills breaking the bankithanks to url.
loha, Oahu: url.
Hawaii has been a national leader in the progressive movement. Celebrate that progressiand you could win a free trip: url.
It doesn't get much better than the chance for a free trip to Hawaii. Enter today: url.
New report: Left unchecked, climate change presents catastrophic risks to human health. url hashtag.
Game on. url.
The benefits of fighting climate change are clearithe sooner we hashtag the better off we'll url.
Repealing hashtag would leave 19 million mericans without the security of health url.
If hashtag is repealed, the national debt could increase by $137 billion: url.
It's a win-win. url.
"In a relentlessly-changing economy, weove got more work to do." iPresident Obama on growing economic url.
Fighting climate change with solar power creates jobs. url.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses creating new pathways of economic opportunity for all mericans: url.
Retweet if you url.
The EP's standards for trucks will save billions of dollars while decreasing carbon pollution: url hashtag.
Legislators across the country are consistently attacking women's rights. It's time to fight back: url hashtag.
Reducing carbon pollution is a job creator. Read more from name url hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the shooting in South Carolina. url.
"From my family to yours, Ramadan Kareem." iPresident Obama.
Find out why it's economically beneficial to hashtag from name url.
Follow up: More on url.
This is an ongoing battle. Be on the front lines of the fight for women's rights: url hashtag.
In only three months, state legislators introduced 332 provisions restricting choice: url hashtag.
Investing in the clean energy industry is an important way to url.
These investments put us $4 billion closer to clean energy solutions: url hashtag.
Let's. Go. url.
Economic growth is just one way hashtag See how your state will benefit from more url.
Because hashtag hundreds of thousands of young people are closer to the merican url.
"On Flag Day ... we pay tribute to this banner of hope and opportunity." iPresident Obama url.
"Trade thatos fair and free and smart will grow opportunity for our middle class." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
In the weekly address, the President discusses our growing economy and why it's so important that we url.
States like Hawaii are leading the fight against climate change: url hashtag.
Read why President John F. Kennedy believed trade was integral to mericaos prosperity and security: url hashtag.
This is what's at stake for workers across the country if Congress votes no on expanding T: url.
For 41 years, T has been a lifeline for millions of workers. Today, Congress can make sure that lifeline continues. url.
From name Why it's so important for the United States to hashtag url.
200 trillion gallons of rain fell in Mayithe wettest month on record. url hashtag.
Expanding hashtag is vital to merica's success in a global economy: url.
Climate change is already affecting our communities. That's why the President is taking steps to hashtag url.
Hawaii just set a goal of generating 100 percent of its electricity from renewable resources: url hashtag.
This is how hashtag is making health care in merica better: url.
Stand up for expanding hashtag for hard-working students: url.
"Itos up to all of us ... to help make the right to health care a reality for all mericans." iPresident Obama hashtag.
ccording to a recent poll, a clear majority of mericans don't want federal hashtag subsidies rolled url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the benefits of hashtag at name url.
Tune in at 11:50 a.m. ET to watch the President discuss how hashtag has improved our health care system: url.
Celebrate hashtag with the person who brings out the best in url.
Read why former U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk thinks it's time for the United States to url.
Stand up for expanding hashtag for hard-working students: url.
"Iom going to keep doing everything I can to make our immigration system more just and more fair." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, the President discusses hashtag and fixing our broken immigration url.
"Beau Biden was an original. He was a good man. A man of character. A man who loved deeply and was loved in return." iPresident Obama.
Read a few wise words from Beau Biden, and see the incredible legacy he leaves url.
If you think access to higher education is a key to success, stand up for hashtag url.
With higher hourly wages and 280,000 new jobs, May's jobs report is good news for our url.
If all 50 states expanded Medicaid, they would save billions of dollars and thousands of lives. Read url.
The economy added 280,000 jobs in Mayimarking 63 consecutive months of private-sector job growth..
There's been a lot of progress on LGBT equality, but there's more work to do. dd your name to join the fight: url.
This shouldn't be a partisan issue. It's time to url.
It's more fun to run with a friend. url.
Keep the momentum going in the fight for equality. dd your name now: url.
Here's one way to spark change: Share what LGBT equality means to you. url.
Join the team that's fighting for LGBT equality: url.
People across the country are hashtag today to stand up against gun url.
When all mericans are treated equallyino matter who they are or whom they loveiour country will be a better place. url.
Your story matters in the fight for LGBT rightsishare it here: url.
It takes courage to share your url.
Be on the right side of history. dd your name to continue the fight for equality: url hashtag.
Happy Pride Month. url.
"For all that Beau Biden achieved in his life ... nothing claimed a fuller focus of his love and devotion than his family." iPresident Obama.
Watch President Obama address key national security measures and reforms in the weekly url.
dd your name to join the team fighting back against climate change denial: url url.
"Let us carry his legacy forward." iPresident Obama on President John F. Kennedy, born 98 years ago url.
nother reason why health care reform is so important to millions of url.
New clean water provisions will help protect the health of 117 million mericans. Read more: url hashtag.
Read this blog from name and Jo-Ellen Darcy on why protecting water sources is so important: url hashtag.
Enforceable labor and environmental protections are just a couple of reasons why merica needs to hashtag url.
Read about the hurricane preparedness briefing the President is receiving in Miami today: url hashtag.
A huge step forward in making sure our drinking water is clean. url.
Read why hashtag are essential to prevent pollution and protect our drinking url.
When 97 percent of climate scientists agree, it's time for the deniers to put politics aside and url.
These hashtag will protect merica's drinking water from url.
Millions of mericans are counting on url.
Cities nationwide are answering the President's call to hashtag and url.
The President is pursuing the most progressive trade agreement in U.S. history. You can help fight for it, too: url.
"mericans gave everything they hadinot for glory ... but for something greater than themselves." iPresident url.
Today is the last day to get your application in for the name Summer Fellowship url.
Watch President Obama pay tribute to the United States rmed Forces in the weekly address: url hashtag.
If the U.S. doesn't hashtag others will. Let's make sure merica writes the rules in this global economy: url.
merica needs to lead the way and hashtag url.
The deadline to be part of the summer hashtag program is tomorrowiapply url.
LIVE: The President is speaking to the das Israel Congregation in celebration of Jewish merican Heritage Month. url.
Love is winning: url url.
Read how the Obama administration is stepping up to protect honeybees and other url.
Check out the President's speech at the United States Coast Guard cademy on why it's so important to url.
This is about making sure there's a level playing field for merican workers in the global economy. url hashtag.
TV won't be the same without url.
merica needs to hashtag If you want trade policy that's tough, progressive, and transparent, add your name: url.
"This cannot be subject to the usual politics and the usual rhetoric." iPresident Obama on climate change hashtag.
"It will not be easy, it will require sacrifices, and the politics will be tough. But there is no other way." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The only way the world is going to prevent the effects of climate change is to slow down the warming of the planet." iPresident Obama.
"Climate changeiand especially rising seasiis a threat to our homeland security." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Denying it or refusing to deal with it endangers our national security." iPresident Obama on climate change hashtag.
"Cadets, the threat of a changing climate cuts to the very core of your service." iPresident Obama to the U.S. Coast Guard cademy graduates.
"The planet is getting warmer. Fourteen of the 15 hottest years on record have been in the past 15 years." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The best scientists in the world know that climate change is happening." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is delivering the keynote address at the commencement ceremony of the U.S. Coast Guard cademy. url.
Tune in at 11:35 a.m. ET to watch the President deliver a commencement speech at the U.S. Coast Guard cademy: url.
This is why health care reform url.
Bees. url.
This is your opportunity to get your start in community url.
It's time to do away with Mad Men-era workplace policiesiadd your name if you agree: url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking to youth and local law enforcement in New Jersey. url.
Welcome name the official government account of the President of the United States..
What will it take for climate change deniers to url.
"We want a place where you can make it if you try. Thatos the promise we make to our young people." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the importance of expanding opportunity for all url.
This is about leveling the playing field for merican workers in the global economyisay it's time to hashtag url.
You could be the next great grassroots url Here's how: url hashtag.
"Thereos going to be one killer blues session in heaven tonight." iPresident Obama on the passing of url.
"When it comes to a woman's health, no politician should get to decide what's best for you." iPresident Obama url.
This is a real step forward in creating a fair environment for the roughly 40 million mericans with student url.
It's the hashtag challenge, presidential url.
This shouldn't be an issue in 2015. url.
Yumi used to think she couldn't make a differenceinow she's helping DREMers in her community. Read her url.
It's time for the United States to hashtag your name if you agree: url.
merica needs to hashtag by making sure any deal lives up to our values. (graphic via url.
"Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of those we lost last night." iPresident Obama on the mtrak derailment.
dd your name if you think it's time to treat paid leave like the economic priority it is: url hashtag.
It's time to do better by working families. Let's url.
Sign on if you agree that working families deserve paid leave: url hashtag.
NS leads the world in the exploration and study of planets. Let's not let climate change deniers change url.
s we continue to celebrate mothers, let's make sure workplace policies live up to what they deserve: url hashtag.
It's time to give merican workers the security of paid leave. url.
"We will be forever grateful for what these remarkable men and women did." iPresident url.
WTCH: President Obama honors the 70th anniversary of VE Day in the weekly url.
President Obama visits his 50th state today. See White House photographer name gallery from the first url.
In the last 62 months, over 12.3 million private-sector jobs have been added to the economy. Read url.
"When the playing field is level, nobody beats the United States of merica." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"If any agreement undercuts working familiesiI wouldnot sign it." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"If you are opposed to these smart, progress trade deals, that means you must be satisfied with the status quo." iPresident Obama.
"We have to make sure merica writes the rules of the global economy." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"If we don't write the rules for trade around the world, guess what: China will." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I view smart trade agreements as a part of middle-class economics." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about trade in Beaverton, Oregon. url.
Tune in at 12:15 p.m. ET to watch the President deliver remarks on trade in Beaverton, Oregon: url.
The economy added 223,000 jobs in prilithat's a record 62 consecutive months of private-sector job growth..
Too many elected officials are still in denial about climate change. Join the team holding them accountable: url.
Carbon pollution in the atmosphere has hit a dangerous milestone. It's time for action, not denial. url hashtag.
That time President Obama didn't need an anger translator to show how much we need to hashtag url hashtag.
ddressing climate change isn't just good for our planet and our economyiit's good for our health: url hashtag.
dd your name if you're ready to hashtag url.
David Letterman and President Obama discussed retirement plans last night. Take a look: url.
This name volunteer is fighting to make the world better for her url.
Working families deserve paid leave. url.
Happening now: President Obama delivers remarks for the launch of the My Brother's Keeper lliance at name url.
Tune in at 2:35 p.m. ET to watch the President speak at the launch of the My Brother's Keeper lliance. url.
The science is cleariclimate change shouldn't be ignored. url.
" great education can be within everyoneos reach." iPresident url.
WTCH: In the weekly address, President Obama reiterates his commitment to expanding access to url.
Teachers have the ability to influence their students for life. hashtag and share how important yours were: url.
Know someone who would be perfect for this fellowship? Here's where to url.
President Obama runs into a group of schoolchildren while walking near the White House. WRNING: cuteness url.
Read President Obama's op-ed in the name on why we can't wait to url.
LIVE: The President takes a virtual field trip and discusses improving access to libraries for students. url hashtag.
Read how this fifth-grade teacher helped inspire the President of the United States: url hashtag.
Our education shapes who we become. Share who inspired you, and hashtag today: url.
Check out President Obama's interview with name on why merica needs to url.
name fellowship program is all about training the next generation of grassroots url Be a part of it: url.
LIVE: President Obama honors the 2015 National Teacher of the Year. url hashtag.
If you aspire to be a better community url this is for url.
Thanks to health care reform, people have more optionsijust another reason mericans are url.
Congratulations to Loretta Lynch, who was sworn in as U.S. attorney general today, the first frican-merican woman to hold the post..
ICYMI: Watch President Obama's full remarks to name supporters last url.
LIVE: Watch the 2015 White House Correspondents' Dinner. url hashtag.
Cecily Strong hosts the White House Correspondents' Dinner tonight at 8 p.m. ET. Watch it here: url.
"We canot surrender to the futureibecause we are meant to win the future." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
In the weekly address, the President discusses how the new trade deal will benefit merican workers and url.
Farmers can fight climate change. Read about the Obama administration's new plans to help: url hashtag.
If you know someone looking to take their url skills to the next level, send them here: url.
merica can't stand by and let other countries hashtag We have to step up and write free and fair trade url.
"You give me hope. You guys are doing extraordinary things." iPresident Obama to name supporters.
"Talk to your friends, talk to your neighbors, talk about why this work matters." iPresident Obama to name supporters.
"If I didn't think this was the best thing to do for working families, I would not be doing it." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We've got to fight for trade that benefits our workersion our terms." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I've been fighting income inequality since before it was cool." iPresident Obama.
"My entire presidency has been about helping working families." iPresident Obama.
"The status quo isn't working for our workers." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"It's not just good for our businesses, it's good for our workers." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"It's the most progressive trade agreement in our history." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We want to make sure we win the future. That's what merica is about." iPresident Obama.
"merica needs to write the rules of the global economy. We can't leave it to somebody else." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This set of trade agreements that we're looking at is vital to middle-class economics." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Today, more than 16 million mericans have gained the security of health insurance." iPresident Obama.
"I'm proud of all of you, and I hope all of you are proud of what we've done together." iPresident Obama to name supporters.
"You guys sound fired up!" iPresident Obama at the name Spring Summit.
LIVE on name hashtag President Obama is speaking at the 2015 Spring Summit. url.
You won't want to miss url.
Hereos a reminder from name of a few challenges the EP has conquered in the past: url hashtag.
pply to be an name fellow today to make a difference in your url.
hashtag So is President Obama's 3-point url.
"We are blessed with the most beautiful God-given landscape in the entire world ... We have to be good stewards for it." iPresident Obama.
"This is not some impossible problem that we cannot solve. We can solve it if we have the political will." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"No matter who you are, no matter where you live, our parks ... are your birthright as mericans." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Every dollar invested in the National Park Service generates $10 for the merican economy. That's a good investment." iPresident Obama.
"Climate change can no longer be denied. It can't be edited out. It can't be omitted from the conversation." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The Pentagon says that climate change poses an increasing set of risks for global security." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"If we don't act, there may not be an Everglades as we know it." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I can't think of a better way to spend Earth Day than in one of our greatest national treasures, the Everglades." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: President Obama is discussing the threat climate change poses to our economy and to the world. url hashtag.
Tune in at 3:05 p.m. ET to watch the President speak in Everglades National Park about fighting climate change: url.
hashtag So is the historic agreement between the U.S. and China last fall to cut carbon pollution..
hashtag So are the actions President Obama is taking to tackle url.
The United States needs to hashtag and sell more goods that are url.
Help url from across the country get the training needed to take their skills to the next level: url.
If you want to take your url skills to the next level, this is for youiapply to be an name fellow url.
WTCH: This is why it's important for the United States to url.
"This week, we embrace our cherished lands and waters, and celebrate the ways they enrich our nation." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Let us seize this opportunity to experience all our great outdoors has to offer." iPresident Obama url.
"Climate change can no longer be deniedior ignored." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
WTCH: In the weekly address, President Obama talks about his commitment to url.
ICYMI: Check out the full video from the hashtag on equal pay, child care, and url.
This article debunks six big myths on climate change: url (h/t name hashtag.
"We shouldn't have to choose between rewarding work and raising a family." iPresident Obama.
"Things like paid leave, paid sick days, child care, equal payithese are family issues and these are economic issues." iPresident Obama.
"nything that holds women back holds back the entire country." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Ensuring equal pay for women is a no-brainer." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Because our workplaces have changed, we have to change with them." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I believe in broad-based economic growth ... that's why we call it middle-class economics." iPresident Obama.
"We all have a part to play to make sure that everybody's got a fair shot in this society." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a Champions of Change event highlighting people fighting for working families. url.
Tune in at 2:10 p.m. ET to watch President Obama celebrate mericans who are fighting for working families: url.
Happy url.
LIVE: The White House is hosting the eighth annual Soldier Ride with the Wounded Warrior Project. url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking with name and name about equal pay, paid leave, and more. url hashtag.
It's time for everyone to see equal pay and child care as the economic priorities they are: url hashtag.
Don't miss today's hashtag with name and name in Charlotte at 2:35 p.m. ET: url.
"When women succeed, merica succeeds." iPresident Obama hashtag.
It's time. url.
Climate change deniers are running out of excuses. url.
nother reason mericans are url.
"Two years of community college should become as free and as universal as high school is today." name Joe url.
In the weekly address, name Joe Biden talks about the plan to make community college free for two url.
WTCH: The Obama administration supports a ban on conversion therapy to protect merica's url.
President Obama is working with Caribbean leaders to make clean energy a priority. Find out how: url hashtag.
Retweet if you agree: We have to hashtag url.
Read how one url found his inspiration to take url.
"16 million people or more have health insurance that didn't have it before." iPresident Obama on url.
Check out these great photos from this year's hashtag url url.
Man-made climate change is happening, and it's a real threat to public health. Read more url.
Today marks an important milestone for civil rights. Read more from url.
The White House is expanding "Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day" to kids who don't have a workplace to url.
Now is the time to url.
Read how President Obama is working to minimize public health risks from climate change: url hashtag.
The House's budget is based on trickle-down economics that have failed working families. See how it could affect url.
Happy url.
This would be huge for working families: url hashtag.
Today is the 137th White House Easter Egg Roll. Check out the celebration here: url hashtag.
WTCH: In the weekly address, President Obama talks about the historic understanding reached with url.
"From my family to yours, Chag Sameach." iPresident url.
The President is launching an initiative to train 75,000 mericansiincluding veteransito join the solar url.
"We've got to lead by example, invest in the future, train our workers to get jobs in the clean energy economy." iPresident Obama.
"We've got to be relentless in our work to grow the economy and create new jobs." iPresident Obama.
"Since I took office, solar electricity has gone up twenty-fold." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is in Utah talking about training merican workers for clean energy jobs. url hashtag.
Tune in at 1 p.m. ET to watch President Obama at Hill ir Force Base in Utah discuss the importance of clean energy: url.
Our economy added 126,000 jobs in March, the 61st consecutive month of private-sector job growth..
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Louisville, Kentucky, about the economy. url.
Tune in at 5:50 p.m. ET to watch the President deliver remarks on our economy in Louisville, Kentucky: url.
We need a budget that works for every mericaninot just the wealthy url.
Happening now: The President is delivering a statement on Iran. url.
This 9-year-old girl stood up for what she believes in, and then got a letter back from the url.
Read how hashtag is a major reason why weove seen an estimated 50,000 fewer preventable patient url.
Renewable energy investments are up 17 percent globally from 2013. Read url.
The budget resolutions Congress passed would devastate programs millions of middle-class families rely url.
Climate change is a global problem. Here's another step towards solving it: url hashtag.
Get ready for the final sprint. You have until midnight to enter ... Go! url.
This shouldn't be a debate. url.
You could talk about anythingieven compare jump shots. Enter now: url.
Be one of the people building this grassroots movement from the ground up: url.
Stay calm, but act fast: There's one day left to enter for the chance to meet President Obama. url.
nother nation commits to hashtag announced it would cut carbon pollution 25 percent by url.
Free flight, free hotel, and a chance to meet the President? Enter today: url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the life and legacy of Senator Ted Kennedy in Boston. url.
"Protecting working mericanso paychecks shouldnot be a partisan issue." iPresident url.
WTCH: The President highlights the progress made since he signed Wall Street reform into law five years ago. url.
You've got this: url.
Check this off your bucket list. url.
"Time and time again, name stood up to special interests and made sure every one of his constituents had a voice." iPresident Obama.
Wouldn't it be nice to fly to D.C. to meet President Obama? Here's your chance: url.
If you believe in this grassroots movement for change, make an investment in its futureichip in today: url.
"There's nothing we can't do if the merican people decide it's time." iPresident Obama.
"We're also our brother's keeper ... our sister's keeper. We're also a country that believes everyone gets a fair shot." iPresident Obama.
"Wall Street reform, what we passed five years ago, is protecting working families and taxpayers." iPresident Obama.
"I want to invest in basic research so the jobs and industry of the future take root here." iPresident Obama.
"The deficit has come down by two-thirds since I've been president." iPresident Obama.
"I want to put more people back to workirebuilding our roads and our bridges, modern ports, faster trains, faster internet" iPresident Obama.
"These ideas are not about ideologyithe reason we proposed these ideas is because we know they work." iPresident Obama.
"Two years of community college should be as free and universal as high school is today." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Thanks to the hard work of the merican people, merica's coming back." iPresident Obama.
"More than 16 million mericans have gained the security of health insurance." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"In merica, if you work hard, you can get ahead." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the economy at Lawson State Community College in Birmingham, labama. url.
Tune in at 4:10 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about the economy at Lawson State Community College: url.
"dd your name..
.
Get entered to win a trip for two to D.C..
.
Meet the President..
.
It's that easy..
.
url.
Get readyienter for your chance to meet President Obama: url.
Read how these three women's lives and careers are url.
This is a free trip for two to our nation's capitaliand you'll get to meet President Obama: url.
"It's the end of discrimination against the sick in merica." iPresident Obama on how we're url.
Think you can nail the punchline? Here's your chance: url.
LIVE: President Obama is talking about the success of the ffordable Care ct. url.
"It is unbelievable what so many of these young people have accomplished." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
WTCH: President Obama talks with 6-year-old "Supergirls" at the url.
Share what inspired you to get involved, and be automatically entered to meet the President: url.
Read how hashtag has been an "amazing catalyst for job creation and url.
Five years ago, health care reform became law. Since then, it's helped 16M people get covered: url hashtag.
On the fifth anniversary of health care reform, see how merica is hashtag url.
uctual facts show that the ffordable Care ct is good for our economy." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
WTCH: The President calls on the Senate to stop playing politics and confirm Loretta Lynch as ttorney url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about helping all young mericans reach their full potential at the hashtag url.
Vote on the Flunked-Science Four now: url url.
The President announced a 40% cut in federal carbon pollution over the next decade, saving $18 billion. url hashtag.
merica needs a budget that builds a stronger middle classinot one that revisits failed url.
It's that time of year. Check out the Presidential Bracket. url hashtag.
"We know what works. We know what we have to do. We've just got to put aside the stale and outmoded debates." iPresident Obama.
"Today I announced nearly $500 million in new public and private investment for merican manufacturing." iPresident Obama.
"I've proposed making two years of community college as free and universal as high school is today." iPresident Obama.
"I want to make sure all our kids get a great education from the earliest age." iPresident Obama.
"Republicans in Congress have put together the same proposals year after year after year." iPresident Obama.
"The Republican budget would strip health insurance for millions of mericans." iPresident Obama.
"There's nothing I'd like more than an opposition party that works with me to let hard-working mericans get ahead." iPresident Obama.
"Reality has rendered it's judgement: Trickle-down economics does not work, and middle-class economics does." iPresident Obama.
"We've emerged from what was a once-in-a-generation crisis, better positioned for the future than any of our competitors." iPresident Obama.
"Since I took office, we've cut our deficits as a share of our economy by about two-thirds." iPresident Obama.
"More than 16 million mericans have gained the security of health care coverage." iPresident Obama.
"The typical family this year should save more than $700 at the pump." iPresident Obama.
"Every three weeks we produce as much solar power as we did in all of 2008." iPresident Obama.
"Today there are more job openings in the United States than any time since 2001." iPresident Obama.
"We're now in the midst of the longest streak of private-sector growth on record." iPresident Obama.
"merica's businesses have added more than 200,000 jobs each month for 12 straight months." iPresident Obama.
"Do we retreat from the realities of a 21st century economy, or do we advance together?"iPresident Obama.
LIVE: President Obama speaks at the City Club of Cleveland about the importance of middle-class economics. url.
Tune in at 2:55 p.m. ET to watch President Obama talk about middle-class economics in Cleveland, Ohio. url.
Read the President's reply to a high school student's letter about the unequal distribution of school url.
Happy Saint Patrick's url.
WTCH: President Obama discusses hashtag with students from across the url.
Before this round ends, help decide who advances in the Climate Change Fantasy Tournament: url hashtag.
Thanks to hashtag 16.4 million more mericans have the security of health coverage. url.
In the weekly address, President Obama lays out his plan for quality, affordable higher education for all url.
Read how the Obama administration is fighting state bans on same-sex marriage: url hashtag.
Time to weigh iniwho deserves the hashtag title? url.
For real though: url hashtag.
We've already tripled wind energy in merica, but there's more we can do. url hashtag.
Who will take home the title of hashtag Vote now: url.
ICYMI: Nearly 11.7 million mericans enrolled in health care through the open url.
Solar power is growing at record rates, supporting merican jobs and helping fight climate change: url hashtag.
We're making big strides in combating climate changeibut more can be done. url.
"No matter who you are or where you come from, not only can you succeed, but you can help everybody else succeed." iPresident Obama.
"Inspire us. Lead us. Be the mericans that we need you to be." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Change doesn't happen by itself. It happens because people get url iPresident Obama.
"You're not just investing in yourselfiyou're investing in your nation." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We're trying to make sure that across the board more and more young people can afford to go to college." iPresident Obama.
"I sent Congress a bold new plan to bring down the cost of community college to zero." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I'm only standing here because of scholarships and loans and work study." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I believe merica is not a place where higher education is a privilege reserved for the few." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The ability to compete in the global economy depends on us having the world's most skilled, best educated workforce." iPresident Obama.
"Your most valuable asset is your imagination." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Today a college degree is the surest ticket to the middle class." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"fter the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes, over the past five years our economy has created 12 million new jobs." iPresident Obama.
"I believe that higher education is one of the best investments anybody can make in their future." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is talking to students at url about how to make college in merica more affordable. url.
Tune in at 1:30 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss college affordability at url url.
Watch President Obama and name reflect on their visit to Selma: url hashtag.
"Women make immeasurable contributions to our world." iPresident Obama url.
"We honor those who walked so we could run. We must run so our children soar." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"What a glorious task we are given, to continually try to improve this great nation of ours." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"We respect the past, but we donot pine for the past. We donot fear the future." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"We know merica is what we make of it." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"We can make sure every person willing to work has the dignity of a job, and a fair wage, and a real voice." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"With effort, we can roll back poverty and the roadblocks to opportunity." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"This is work for all mericans, and not just some. Not just whites. Not just blacks." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"Selma teaches us, too, that action requires that we shed our cynicism." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"If Selma taught us anything, itos that our work is never done." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"Young people can draw strength from this place, where the powerless could change the worldos greatest power." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Thatos what this movement was all aboutione leg in our long journey toward freedom." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"What greater form of patriotism is there than the belief that merica is not yet finished." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"What could be more merican than what happened in this place?" iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"They proved that nonviolent change is possible. That love and hope can conquer hate." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"What enormous faith these men and women hadifaith in God, but also faith in merica." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"It was not a clash of armies, but a clash of wills; a contest to determine the true meaning of merica." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"There are places and moments in merica where this nationos destiny has been decided ... Selma is such a place." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the Edmund Pettus Bridge on the 50th anniversary of the Selma marches. url hashtag.
Tune in at 2:35 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak in Selma, labama: url url.
WTCH: President Obama discusses the need to encourage the education of girls around the globe. url hashtag.
Learn about the legacy of Selma, listen to stories from courageous civil rights activists, and hashtag url.
LIVE: President Obama is participating in a town hall at name about youth opportunities. url.
Our economy added 295,000 jobs last monthithat's a record 60 consecutive months of private-sector job url.
The number of uninsured mericans continues to drop within the first two months of url.
The unemployment rate dropped in every single state during 2014ithe first time that's happened in 30 url.
President Obama's progressive trade deal would mean stronger protections for workers and the url.
If you're passionate about marriage equality, take a look at this progressistate by state: url hashtag.
"Every girl deserves an education." iPresident Obama url.
LIVE: President Obama and name discuss expanding efforts to help hashtag around the world. url.
"Throughout history, extraordinary women have fought tirelessly to broaden our democracy's reach." iPresident Obama hashtag.
The excuses not to hashtag need to url.
In the weekly address, the President talks about ensuring that all hard-working mericans can retire with url.
Six hours until a Homeland Security shutdown. hashtag to pass the bipartisan funding bill now..
"Long before being nerdy was cool, there was Leonard Nimoy." iPresident Obama hashtag.
We can't govern from crisis to crisis. dd your name if you support a long-term plan to hashtag url hashtag.
"You shouldn't feel like you can't make mistakes at this point." iPresident Obama to Noah McQueen url hashtag.
Great news: Today, the name voted in favor of a free and open internet. url hashtag.
Missed the hashtag on immigration reform last night? Watch it url.
IMPOANT: Congress is only one day away from another shutdown. url.
We're just two days away from another shutdowniyour voice matters more than ever. dd your name: url hashtag.
Consumer protections for retirement savings are critical for middle-class families. Read why: url (via name.
Tell new congressional leaders hashtag more manufactured crises over politics: url.
ICYMI: A comprehensive immigration reform bill sat on Speaker Boehner's desk for more than 500 days. hashtag.
Some in Congress would choose not to fund name rather than fix our broken immigration system. hashtag.
"It's time to end the era of manufactured crises." iPresident Obama on url.
Let congressional leaders know that another shutdown is the last thing we need. dd your name now: url hashtag.
Reminder: The debate in Congress right now is supposed to be about funding the Department of Homeland Security. hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is talking about how strengthening retirement security is good for the middle class. url.
Only two months on the job, the new Congress is already threatening a partial government shutdown. url.
In the weekly address, the President discusses opening new markets to grow the economy and support good-paying url.
Every day is url.
Here are eight ways hashtag has proved the critics wrong: url (h/t name.
It's more than health insuranceiit's peace of url.
LIVE: The President announces new national monuments and an initiative to protect the nation's unique outdoor spaces. url.
"Trade has an important role to play in supporting good-paying, middle-class jobs in the U.S." iPresident url.
Too many lawmakers still deny the science of climate change. Call them out now: url url.
The ffordable Care ct is helping millions of familiesiwe can't go back url.
The deadline is here. Go hashtag url.
Last call for health insurance this year: url hashtag.
"Nothing will determine our success as a nation in the 21st century more than how well we educate our url.
Get it done today: url.
In the weekly address, the President lays out his plan to ensure more kids graduate from school ready for the url.
Just like your favorite romantic comediesibut with benefits: url hashtag.
The United States can make real progress on climate change. Read more from url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the White House hashtag at name url.
Make sure your loved ones are covered: url url.
Speaking of hashtag url.
So, this happened: url hashtag.
No more gamesiCongress should stop the political posturing and make progress on immigration. url.
Three days left: url url.
Happening now: President Obama discusses taking action against ISIL. url.
The President discusses the importance of health care and marriage equality progress in his interview with url.
Of all the things you do today, getting covered before the enrollment deadline could be the most crucial: url hashtag.
It's the final countdown: Only five days left in the enrollment period. hashtag now. url.
It's time to hashtag url.
Joshua got covered so that he could stay healthyiwithout worrying about expensive url.
Repealing the ffordable Care ct would mean millions of mericans could lose their health url.
President Obama sat down with name to discuss health care, the economy, and merica's position in the url.
Watch the message that aired tonight during the hashtag from President Obama: hashtag to stop sexual url.
Watch: In the weekly address, President Obama highlights the country's economic progress. url.
Watch: These people are why the ffordable Care ct url.
"Let's roll up our sleeves, work together, and try to get something done." iPresident Obama.
"I'm not pushing these ideas for my sake. I'm pushing them because I think this is where merica needs to go." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"t a time when the economy is picking up speed and growing again, we've got to work twice as hard." iPresident Obama.
"I want to make sure that this is a country where hard work is rewarded." iPresident Obama.
"We have risen from recession, freer to write our own future than any nation on earth." iPresident Obama.
"merica is poised for another good year... as long as Washington works to keep this progress going." iPresident Obama.
"nd, in the single most hopeful sign for middle-class families, wages are starting to go up again." iPresident Obama.
"Over the past 59 months, the private sector has added almost 12 million new jobs." iPresident Obama.
"In 2014, our economy created 3.1 million jobsiand that's the best year of job growth since the 1990s." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: The President answers questions from students and faculty at Ivy Tech Community College in Indianapolis. url.
Tune in at 2:15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama take questions from students on jobs and education at a town hall: url.
The economy added 257,000 jobs in January, part of the strongest three-month growth since 1997. Let's keep it url.
Good news: Wind and solar energy have tripled since url.
WTCH: No one's invincible. url hashtag.
Jake has coverage he can count on, for less than he expected. url.
The last chance to hashtag for 2015 is only days away. Find a plan today: url.
Today, President Obama met with young immigrants whose lives are positively affected by url.
Not that much time left to hashtag url.
Check out President Obama's comprehensive budget plan, and see how he's investing in middle-class families: url.
"We have to pass a budget that gives middle-class families the security they need to get ahead in the new economy." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: President Obama discusses how his budget will bring middle-class economics into the 21st century. url.
"I will keep doing everything I can to help more working families make ends meet and get ahead." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama lays the foundation for focusing on middle-class url.
Check getting covered off of your to-do list. Find a plan that works for you before the February 15th deadline: url.
Climate change deniers, take note: The vast majority of mericans agree that it's time to url.
Happening now: President Obama speaks about investing in precision medicine to improve health and disease treatment. url.
Six years ago, the President signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay ctibut the fight for equal pay is far from url.
Parents will always worry about their kids. Give them some peace of hashtag today. url hashtag.
Get a state-by-state breakdown on how much the President's hashtag will benefit the url.
9.5 million mericans have signed up for coverageiand we're not done url.
name stops by name with a message for young adults: Give your mom some peace of mind and url.
If you need health insurance, find a plan that's right for you right now: url hashtag.
"People want to see an agenda that moves us all forward." Read President Obama's latest message to url.
Watch the weekly address: We have to do everything we can to help more mericans get ahead in the new url.
"Somewhere, the sun is shining, the air is fresh, his team's behind him, and Mr. Classi'Mr. Cub'iis ready to play two." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the U.S. Conference of Mayors. Watch here: url.
These senators are at odds with 97% of climate scientists and NS. url.
Watch: Don't be THT person. Stop waiting around and hashtag url.
"I am deeply committed to protecting this core constitutional right." iPresident Obama on the 42nd anniversary of hashtag.
Happening now: President Obama is being interviewed by name stars Bethany Mota, GloZell Green and Hank Green. url.
Read President Obama's latest message to name supporters after his State of the Union url.
Find out which senators just went on the record to say that man-made climate change isn't real: url hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at name about middle-class economics. Tune in: url.
Next stop: Kansas. Tune in at 12:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama talk about middle-class economics. url.
LIVE: A day after his State of the Union address, President Obama is in Idaho spekaing at name Tune in: url.
President Obama is doing what he can to fight for middle-class families. Take a stand on this: url.
It's hashtag Check out the schedule of White House staff answering your url.
Let's url.
"Letos begin this new chapteritogetheriand letos start the work right now." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"My fellow mericans, we too are a strong, tight-knit family. We, too, have made it through some hard times." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I want future generations to know that we are a people that see our differences as a great gift." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"If you share the broad vision I outlined tonight, join me in the work at hand." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"Itos possible to shape a law that upholds our tradition as a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Retweet if you agree: hashtag url.
"Iove seen something like gay marriage go from a wedge issue used to drive us apart to a story of freedom." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I know the good, and optimistic, and big-hearted generosity of the merican people." i President Obama hashtag.
"I still believe we are one people. I still believe that together, we can do great things, even when the odds are long." iPresident Obama.
"I know how tempting such cynicism may be. But I still think the cynics are wrong." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Leadingaiaalwaysaiawith the example of our values. Thatos what makes us exceptional. Thatos what keeps us strong." i President Obama hashtag.
"I will not let this Congress endanger the health of our children by turning back our efforts." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"14 of the 15 warmest years on record have all fallen in the first 15 years of this century." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"No challenge poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
The science is clear: We have to hashtag url.
"When what you're doing hasn't worked for 50 years, it's time to try something new." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We need a tax code that truly helps working mericans trying to get a leg up in the new economy." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"When it comes to issues like infrastructure and basic research, I know thereos bipartisan support in this chamber." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"21st century businesses will rely on merican science, technology, research and development." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Letos pass a bipartisan infrastructure plan that could create more than 30 times as many jobs per year.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
"To every CEO in merica: If you want someone who will get the job done and done right, hire a veteran." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"s a new generation of veterans come home, we owe them every opportunity to live the merican dream they helped defend." iPresident Obama.
"Free community college is possibleiand I want to spread that idea all across merica." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Thatos why I am sending this Congress a bold new plan to lower the cost of community collegeito zero." iPresident Obama hashtag.
uWe still need laws that strengthen rather than weaken unions, and give merican workers a voice.u iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"If you truly believe you could work full-time and support a family on less than $15,000 a year, go try it." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"It's 2015. It's time." iPresident Obama on equal pay hashtag.
"Send me a bill that gives every worker in merica the opportunity to earn seven days of paid sick leave." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Weore the only advanced country on Earth that doesnot guarantee paid sick leave or paid maternity leave." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Paid leave should be a right for all workersinot just a privilege. Let's hashtag url.
"Middle-class economics means helping working families feel more secure in a world of constant change." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This country does best when everyone gets their fair shot." iPresident Obama hashtag.
uTonight, together, letos do more to restore the link between hard work and growing opportunity for every merican.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
Retweet if you agree with President Obama. url.
Millions more now have the peace of mind that comes with having health insurance, thanks to hashtag url.
"In the past year alone, about 10 million uninsured mericans finally gained the security of health coverage." iPresident Obama hashtag.
uOver the past five years, our businesses have created more than 11 million new jobs.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
"In two weeks, I will send this Congress a budget filled with ideas that are practical, not partisan." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"It's now up to us to choose who we want to be over the next 15 years, and for decades to come." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We salute the courage and sacrifice of every man and woman in this 9/11 generation who has served to keep us safe." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"More of our kids are graduating than ever before. More of our people are insured than ever before." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Tonight, after a breakthrough year for merica, our economy is growing and creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: President Obama is delivering the State of the Union to Congress. Watch here: url hashtag.
Here's the best place to watch President Obama deliver his sixth State of the Union at 9:00 p.m. ET: url hashtag.
dd your name: Take a stand for middle-class families. url hashtag.
If you think it's time for Congress to get to work on an agenda that moves us forward, add your name: url hashtag.
Watch: President Obama gives a behind-the-scenes look into tonight's hashtag url.
Tonight, the President will lay out how he plans to fight for middle-class families. Say you'll stand alongside him: url.
Don't miss the State of the Union address at 9:00 p.m. ET tonight. Tune in here: url hashtag.
Ready? url url.
"From Dr. King's courage, we draw strength and the resolve to continue climbing toward the promised land." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Get ready: In the State of the Union, President Obama will outline policies to help middle-class families. url hashtag.
"ll of us have a right to be proud of the progress merica has made." iPresident url.
In the weekly address, President Obama previews his State of the Union address on Tuesday. Watch here: url hashtag.
Wishing name the happiest birthday today. Thanks for being an inspiration every day of the url.
It's official: 2014 was the hottest year on record. url It's time to hashtag.
Thanks to hashtag fewer people are facing financial distress because of medical bills. More from url.
Retweet if you believe solar energy is critical to merica's future. hashtag.
LST CLL: Enroll now and have health insurance on February 1st. url.
Read the latest op-ed from name about the importance of paid family leave: url hashtag.
Enroll today for health insurance that starts on February 1st: url.
ICYMI: President Obama wants your internet to move faster. url hashtag.
The U.S. solar industry is booming. Read more from name url hashtag.
Today is the last day to enroll for health coverage that begins on February 1st. hashtag url.
President Obama is working to cut harmful methane emissions. More from name url hashtag.
LIVE: The President is discussing new steps to help mericans get access to hashtag url.
Tune in at 3:40 p.m. ET to watch President Obama lay out new steps to increase access to hashtag url.
Instead of passing comprehensive immigration reform, the House just voted to roll back progress. It's time for solutions, not politics..
Tomorrow is the last day to enroll for health coverage that begins on February 1st. Check your options: url hashtag.
The deadline to hashtag is coming up fast. Don't miss your chance to find a plan that works for you: url.
Have health insurance on February 1st. Sign up today. url url.
Over 58 straight months of growth, the private sector has added 11.2 million url.
Great news: t the start of 2015, workers in twenty states saw an increase to the minimum wage. url hashtag.
"When we mericans put our minds together and our shoulder to the wheel, there's nothing we can't do." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I hope Congress joins us in this national movement to protect the privacy of our children." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Michelle and I are like parents everywhereiwe want to make sure our children are being safe and smart online." iPresident Obama.
"We want our kids privacy protectedino matter where they sign on." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I'm announcing new steps to protect the identities and privacy of the merican people." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"If we're going to be connected, then we need to be protected." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Today, I'm focusing on how to better protect merican consumers from identity theft." iPresident Obama hashtag.
WTCH: President Obama is speaking at the Federal Trade Commission about tackling consumer privacy. url.
Watch the President speak at 11:55 a.m. ET about ways to tackle identity theft and improve confidence in technology: url.
"merica is coming back. nd I want to go full speed ahead." iPresident url.
Watch the weekly address: President Obama discusses merica's resurgence and how he'll continue to build url.
LIVE: The President is in Knoxville discussing new initiatives to help mericans go to college. url hashtag.
FCT: The annual average unemployment rate fell 1.2 percent between 2013 and 2014, the largest decline since 1984..
It's official: The economy added 252,000 jobs in December, making 2014 the best year for job growth since url.
LIVE: President Obama is in rizona speaking about the middle class and the housing market. url.
President Obama is speaking at 12:45 p.m. ET about how far the housing market has come since the recession. Tune in: url.
If you don't have health insurance, hashtag today: url.
Great news: The uninsured rate in the U.S. has dropped to 12.9 percent. url hashtag.
"merica's coming back. nd I'm going to be on your side every step of the way." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We may not all be rooting for the Lions, but merica is rooting for Detroit." iPresident Obama.
"Saving the merican auto industry was the right thing to do." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"No matter how tough times get, mericans are tougher." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We can help every merican get the education they need to get ahead in this country." iPresident Obama.
"merica's resurgence is real. Don't let anybody tell you otherwise." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We've now had a 57-month streak of private-sector job creation." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Last year was the strongest year for job growth since the 1990s." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Detroit always comes back." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: The President is speaking about his decision to save the merican auto industry and over 1 million jobs. url.
Tune in at 3:45 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak from Michigan about the resurgent merican auto industry: url.
Having health care is a big deal. Check out your options today: url hashtag.
Don't url This is why we fought for health care url.
fter almost a week into the new year, keep up your hashtag resolution by getting covered: url.
"Obamacare's guaranteed health coverage changes lives in first year" More from url.
Take care of yourself hashtag for tomorrow: url.
"I will miss Stuart Scott ... Over the years, he entertained us, and in the end, he inspired usiwith courage and love." iPresident Obama.
Watch the weekly address: name Biden wants people to hashtag in the new url.
Today is a great day to hashtag url.
Make getting health insurance one of the first things you do this year: url.
Here's to a happy and healthy 2015..
LST CLL: Chip in to keep building a truly grassroots movement. url.
MIDNIGHT DEDLINE: Chip in now to keep pushing this movement forward. url.
Own a part of this movementichip in now: url.
What motivates you to fight for change? Take this one-question url.
Before the ball drops, make sure you chip in to help fight for change in 2015: url.
Let's fight for progress next year: url.
President Obama wants to know what's at the top of your agenda in url.
Not much time leftichip in and help start 2015 strong: url.
This is how grassroots url is making progress in the fight to reduce gun url.
Your support is building a movement of millions: url.
This deadline matters for anyone who believes in fighting for changeichip in today: url.
Don't let up. Keep fighting for what you believe inichip in right now: url.
Your voice matters. Own a piece of this movement, and let's start 2015 off strong: url.
You can make a difference for next year right nowichip in today: url.
Take this surveyiit's only one question: url.
Let's start 2015 strongichip in right now: url.
Take a moment and say what you're ready to fight for in url.
See why 2014 was a breakthrough year for merica: url.
Chip in to be a part of this movement for change: url.
There's a lot to do next yearichip in right now: url.
Your commitment makes this grassroots movement what it is. Own a piece of it: url.
Send a messageishow you stand with progress in 2015: url.
This will take you less than a minute: url.
Chip in if you want to help make progress on the issues you care most about next year: url.
President Obama: "I won't stop fighting for the merican people until the day I leave this office. That's a url.
This is a big deadlineidon't miss out. url.
nswer this one question survey: What issue will you keep fighting for in 2015? url.
Read President Obama's latest message to name supporters about fighting alongside him in 2015: url.
Grassroots url This is worth investing url.
"Michelle and I extend our warmest wishes to those celebrating Kwanzaa this holiday season." iPresident Obama.
ICYMI: Our economy is growing at its fastest pace in 11 url.
Watch President Obama and the First Lady wish all mericans a merry Christmas and happy url.
Have a merry url.
Say hello to friends you know and everyone you url.
LST CHNCE: Sign this holiday card for President Obama before it's too late. url.
Plan ahead and hashtag url.
President Obama vowed that 2014 would be a year of action. Read how he delivered on that url.
In the third quarter, the U.S. economy grew at its strongest rate in over a decade. Read url.
Only a few hours left to make sure your name is on name holiday card for President Obama: url.
It's the holiday seasonisign this card for President url.
"Pick any metric you wantimericaos resurgence is real." Watch President Obama's weekly url.
When you're with your family this holiday season, talk to your loved ones about getting covered: url.
In this week's address, President Obama reflects on the progress we made in url.
Five reasons why 2014 was a breakthrough year for merica: url h/t name.
Happening now: President Obama is holding a news conference. Tune in here: url.
Be prepared. hashtag today: url url.
Send season's greetings to President Obamaiyou can even include a personal note: url.
fter nine years, the best source of "truthiness" is coming to an end. Congratulations url.
You don't need a stamp to send this holiday card: url.
These folks are ready to lead in the fight against climate change: url hashtag.
Wish the President happy holidays. Sign OF's card: url.
"Number of Uninsured mericans Near Historic Low" More from name url hashtag.
It's beginning to look a lot like holiday card season. Sign name card for President Obama: url.
"Obamacareos Best Week Yet Brings 1 Million New Sign-Ups" More from url.
Sign name holiday card for President Obamaithen send a note to tell him what you'll be fighting for in 2015: url.
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement on Cuba. url.
WTCH: President Obama took action to protect Bristol Bay in laska, one of merica's greatest natural url.
Chag Sameach. hashtag.
Year in review: The U.S. economy took a major step forward in url.
LST CLL: There are only a few hours left to enroll for coverage that starts January 1st. url hashtag.
Today is your last chance to enroll for health coverage that starts New Year's Day: url.
Get covered today: Sign up right now to get health coverage that begins January 1st. url.
"When the world calls on merica, we call on youiour men and women in uniform." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We're free and safe and secure over here because you're willing to serve over there." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We can never thank you enough." iPresident Obama addressing the troops hashtag.
"When it comes to our troops ... We stand united." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is in New Jersey thanking the troops for all they do for our country. Tune in: url.
President Obama is speaking to merican troops at 2:45 p.m. ET to express his gratitude for their service: url.
DEDLINE: Sign up today for health insurance that starts on January 1st. url.
You don't have much time left to start 2015 with health insurance. Sign up here: url hashtag.
Tomorrow's deadline to hashtag for the new year is important: Don't miss it. url.
Get covered today, and you'll have health insurance on day one of 2015: url.
Tomorrow is the deadline to enroll for health coverage that starts January 1st. Sign up right now: url hashtag.
You don't have much time left to get health insurance by January 1st. hashtag now: url.
Start 2015 with health insurance: url url.
"No one sacrifices more to preserve our blessings than our extraordinary men and women in uniform." iPresident url.
There are only hashtag to get health coverage on January 1st. Don't wait any longer: hashtag url.
Watch: In the weekly address, President Obama thanks merican men and women in url.
If you're thinking about having a hashtag make sure you hashtag url.
Focus on what matters this holiday season. Make sure your loved ones hashtag url hashtag.
Exercise and health insurance: Two ways to have a hashtag url.
A big part of a hashtag is making sure you have health insurance: url.
President Obama's hashtag could have a big impact on reducing the url.
During this season of giving, save a donation to support grassroots url.
Sign up now to be covered in the new year: url url.
Celebrate the holiday season with the ones you loveiand make sure they hashtag url.
"This is an issue that's bigger than politics." iPresident Obama on early childhood education hashtag.
"Early education is one of the best investments we can make." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the White House Summit on Early Education. Watch here: url hashtag.
lready covered? Make sure to check out your options: url url.
President Obama's hashtag could give our economy a big boost: url.
Immigration reform makes both moral and economic sense. Read more from url.
"This is what makes merica exceptional. We welcome strivers, and we welcome dreamers from all across the world.u iPresident Obama.
uImmigrants have been a net plus to our economy and a net plus to our society.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
uWe just need Congress to work with us to create a common-sense law to fix this immigration system.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We're going to bring more undocumented immigrants out of the shadows so they can play by the rules." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The best way to solve this system is by working together." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Nashville has one of the fastest growing immigrant populations in the country ... They are us." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: The President is holding a town hall meeting in Nashville about hashtag Watch here: url.
The President will speak in Nashville at 3:25 p.m. ET about how to fix our broken immigration system. Tune in: url.
Watch: Last night, President Obama sat in for name during "The url.
President Obama sits down with name tonight at 6 p.m. ET. Watch a preview here: url.
In rizona, a group of name fellows have become difference-makers. Read url.
Side with cleaner air, not big polluters: url.
You have the power to make history. pply to become an name spring fellowithe deadline is url.
Holidays can be hectic. Take this off your mind: url hashtag.
Stand up for clean air: url hashtag.
ICYMI: 57 months of job growth = the longest streak on record. Read url.
"We still have a lot of work to do together. But we have real, tangible evidence of our progress." iPresident url.
Watch the weekly address: We're making real economic progressibut we have to keep it up. url.
In just the first two weeks of enrollment, 1.5 million mericans applied for affordable health url.
The President proposed new standards for smog-forming pollution. dd your name to fight for cleaner air: url.
The Clean ir ct has been improving air quality for over 40 yearsiread what name wrote about proposed url.
Our economy has created 2.65 million jobs so far this year, higher than any full year since the late url.
Our economy added 321,000 jobs in November, the most in nearly three years: url hashtag.
Retweet if you want to see solutions, not political games. url.
Instead of votes that make our broken immigration system worse, we need solutions. Say you're tired of the games: url.
LIVE: Celebrate the start of the holiday season by watching the National Christmas Tree lighting at the name url.
The House just voted to make our broken immigration system worse, not better. It's time for comprehensive solutions. hashtag.
A first-class opportunity for anybody wanting to sharpen their grassroots url url.
You've got options. Take a look: url hashtag hashtag.
Read the President's latest op-ed on why he acted on immigration: url hashtag.
WTCH: President Obama is speaking at the 2014 White House Tribal Nations Conference. url.
Be prepared. url url.
Big news: More than 200 U.S. companies are supporting the President's plan to cut carbon pollution from power url.
Have you checked your options yet? hashtag url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the economy. Tune in: url.
WTCH: President Obama is discussing progress in the fight against Ebola. url.
Don't wait to hashtag Check out your options today: url.
Make history in your community: url.
Getting covered is easier than you think: url.
"Let's recommit ourselves to achieving an IDS-free generation in our lifetimes." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
President Obama is taking a big step towards fixing our broken immigration system. Stand up for hashtag url.
Now accepting applications: name is running a specialized program to train grassroots url of all url.
Check out the offers on this marketplace today: url url.
Check this off your to-do list: Find quality, affordable health care. url url.
Make sure everyone in your life who needs it knows the health care marketplace is open again: url hashtag.
There's no better time to be thankful for your healthiibut make sure you're prepared for anything: url hashtag.
The most important marketplace open today: url hashtag.
Jeff is the entrepreneur he always dreamed heod beibecause of health care reform. Read more: url hashtag.
Be thankful for your healthibut be smart about your future. hashtag now: url.
Thankful. url.
"From my family to yours, happy Thanksgiving." iPresident url.
LIVE: President Obama is pardoning the National Thanksgiving Turkey. Tune in now: url.
Don't miss the annual turkey pardoning at 2:15 p.m. ET: url.
Get the tools needed to make a difference in your communityiiapply for the name 2015 Spring Fellowship url.
ICYMI: The President sent a message to OF supporters about the importance of taking action on immigration url.
"mericans are tired of gridlock. We're ready to move forward." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I'm going to do what I can to make the system work better." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"When folks in Congress question my authority to take action, I've got one answer: Pass a bill."iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The actions we're taking will grow the economy for everybody." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: I still believe the best way to solve this problem is by coming together to pass common-sense immigration reform..
"Being a nation of immigrants gives us this huge entrepreneurial advantage over other nations." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Immigrants have made this City of Broad Shoulders their home." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"It is good to be home." iPresident Obama in Chicago hashtag.
WTCH: The President is in Chicago speaking about how to help fix our broken immigration system. url hashtag.
President Obama is at the name in Chicago speaking about hashtag at 5:35 p.m. ET. Tune in: url.
Happening now: President Obama delivers a url.
dd your name: Support the President's action on immigration reform today. url hashtag.
FCT: Thanks to hashtag the economy will grow and average wages will go up for both U.S. born and immigrant workers..
Let your voice be heard: Stand with the President's hashtag url.
"We are a nation of immigrants. It has always given merica a big advantage over other nations." iPresident url.
The President sent a message to OF supporters about why he's taking url.
FCT: President Obama's hashtag will boost the U.S. GDP by tens of billions of dollars..
Watch the weekly address: The President discusses his plan to fix our broken immigration system. url hashtag.
uWe didnot raise the Statue of Liberty with her back to the worldiwe did it with her light shining.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
uGenerations of immigrants have made this country what it is. It's what makes us special.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
uWe're a nation that values families, and we should work together to keep them together.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
uWe're a nation that gives people a chance to take responsibilityiand make amends.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The day I sign that bill into law, then the actions I've taken will no longer be necessary." iPresident Obama hashtag.
uWhen members of Congress question my authority to take action, I have a simple answer: Pass a bill.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
uI know some critics call this action 'amnesty.' It's not amnesty. mnesty is what we have now.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
uThis is not just a Latino issue. This is an merican issue.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Not everybody will qualify under this provisionithat's the truth. That's why we're still going to have to pass a bill." iPresident Obama.
"Weoll keep focusing enforcement resources on actual threats to our security. But that means felons, not families." iPresident Obama.
uI wasn't going to sit idly by and not do at least what I was authorized to do.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
uWe're not giving up. We're going to keep working with members of Congress to make reform a reality.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Our immigration system has been broken for a very long time, and everyone knows it." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is at Del Sol High School in Las Vegas, discussing his hashtag Watch here: url.
President Obama will speak about the steps he's taking on immigration at 3:55 p.m. ET. Tune in: url hashtag.
The hashtag President Obama is taking will grow the economy and reduce the deficit by $25 billion in 10 years..
Retweet if you think President Obama did the right thing by taking action to help fix our broken immigration system. hashtag.
The President is taking steps to fix our broken immigration systemistand up to those who want to block progress: url.
dd your name if you believe it's time for action to help fix our broken immigration system: url hashtag.
The President is taking action to help fix our immigration systeminow Congress must do its part. url.
"To those members of Congress who question my authority to make our immigration system work better  Pass a bill." iPresident Obama.
"My fellow mericans, we are and always will be a nation of immigrants." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Itos about who we are as a country and who we want to be for future generations." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Our history and the facts show that immigrants are a net plus for our economy and our society." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"If you meet the criteria, you can come out of the shadows and get right with the law." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"What Iom describing is accountabilityia common-sense, middle-ground approach." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Most of these immigrants have been here a long time. They work hard, often in tough, low-paying jobs." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Today, our immigration system is broken, and everybody knows it." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: The President is addressing the nation about actions he's taking to help fix our immigration system. url.
Watch at 8 p.m. ET: President Obama is laying out common-sense steps forward on immigration: url hashtag.
Everyone agrees our immigration system is broken, and Congress has stalled on reform. That's why the President is taking hashtag.
Ready for url.
Tonight the President will announce the actions he's taking to fix our broken immigration system. Tune in at 8 pm ET: url.
A better immigration system will strengthen our economy and our familiesistand up for hashtag url.
A very happy birthday to the url.
Tonight the President will address the nation on the steps he's taking to fix our broken immigration system. hashtag.
Millions are getting the coverage they deserve. Make sure you are too: url hashtag hashtag.
Tune in tomorrow: The President will address the nation on the common-sense steps he's taking on url.
Everyone needs that reminder to do something. This is yoursimake sure you hashtag today: url.
The President will address the nation tomorrow about the steps he's taking to help fix our broken immigration system. url.
"Every child deserves a shot at a world class education." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"In a country where we expect free wifi with our coffee, we should expect our schools to be wired.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Every decision I make is aimed at one goalithat is to restore opportunity to everyone who works hard for it." iPresident Obama hashtag.
WTCH: President Obama is speaking about how technology is transforming schools. url hashtag.
Heath care open enrollment is here again. Find a plan that's right for you. url.
ICYMI: Health care enrollment is back. url hashtag hashtag.
This petition is an important way you can support url.
Today: Check 'sign up for health insurance' off your to-do list. url hashtag url.
Why gamble with your health? It's easy to get quality, affordable health coverage. url url.
Before Obamacare, finding coverage was nearly impossible for Rick: url url.
President Obama's latest commitment shows momentum and U.S. leadership in the global fight against climate url.
dd your name to join the team that believes quality, affordable health coverage is worth fighting url.
Now's your chance to get covered. The health care marketplace is now open again for all mericans: url hashtag.
"So spread the word. Tell your friends and family members to get covered." iPresident url.
Thanks to health care reform, Doris finally has an affordable plan. url url.
Watch the weekly addressitell your friends and family to hashtag and url.
The health care marketplace is open for businessicheck out your options today: url hashtag.
Let's go: The health care marketplace is open again. url url.
LST CHNCE: Donate before tonight's midnight deadline. url.
MIDNIGHT DEDLINE: ll donations will be matched dollar for dollar by other supporters. url.
Chip in $5 right now to support name go all in for health care: url.
DEDLINE: There's a lot at stake in the weeks ahead, and your donation will help this fight for change. url.
You're not an Incredible. hashtag hashtag.
There's something coming tomorrowiiand it's going to be big: url hashtag.
Tonight's budget deadline matters. Chip in now: url.
dd your name: name is going all in for hashtag and here's how you can do your part. url hashtag.
CHIP IN NOW: Get your impact doubled now, before this critical budget deadline. url.
Drop everything: Watch thisiit's time to get covered and stay covered. url hashtag.
Tomorrow. re you in? url url.
Funke's health coverage isn't in jeopardy, and she can afford it, too: url url.
Here's the deal: Chip in today and your donation will be matchedidollar-for-dollar. url.
If you believe health care reform is worth fighting for, add your url.
No kidding: Every grassroots donation will be matched by another name supporter. Chip in today: url.
WTCH: President Obama is urging the name to protect hashtag and treat all internet traffic url.
Organizers across the country are going all in for health care this fall. Join in: url.
If you chip in right now, another supporter will match your donationimeaning you'll make double the url.
You can make a real impact for hashtag right now: url.
Donate todayiyour contribution will be matched dollar for dollar: url.
ICYMI: The United States has made a groundbreaking deal with China on cutting carbon pollution. url hashtag.
It starts with you. Watch the new name video aimed at ending sexual assault: url.
This is no time to sit on the sidelines. Do your part to help mericans get covered: url.
The world's two largest economies are standing together to fight climate change: url hashtag.
Say no to the idea of fast lanes for the internet: url hashtag.
This is a huge win for anyone that's fighting to hashtag url.
Got a minute and a social media account? Here's an easy way to get involved in the fight for url.
The hashtag marketplace opens Saturdayispread the word about why getting covered matters: url.
Stand with the President's global leadership in the fight against climate change: url hashtag.
Watch: mazing things can happen when people url url.
dd your name if you support the President's historic agreement with China on climate change: url hashtag.
This is huge: The United States and China have just agreed on an ambitious new joint plan to cut carbon url.
The fight for change is not over. Check out President Obama's message to OF url.
Watch: This is what you should know about name url.
This is about keeping the internet open and freeisign the petition: url hashtag.
Let's keep fighting for real, lasting url.
You have the power to make real, lasting change, but you're not in it alone. Join the movement: url hashtag.
The internet shouldn't have gatekeepers. dd your name if you agree: url hashtag.
"Weoll have your backsijust like you had ours." iPresident Obama. Happy Veterans url.
Time is winding downisay you'll do your part: url url.
President Obama took a stand to keep the internet open and free. Sign the petition to protect hashtag url.
"Your voice is needed like never before." Read President Obama's message to name supporters: url.
Sign this petition if you support an internet that's open and free: url hashtag.
No one ever said the fight for change would be easyithat's why it needs you: url.
Let's go. url url.
This is important: President Obama is urging the name to keep the internet open and free. url hashtag.
This work has never been more important: url.
Watch: name is a grassroots movement dedicated to the fight for real, lasting change. url.
President Obama: This Veterans Dayiand every dayiletos make sure all our veterans know how much we appreciate url.
Watch the weekly address: For Veterans Day, President Obama pays tribute to the men and women in uniform. url.
Voters across the country took a decisive stand on raising the minimum wage. url hashtag.
For the first time since the 1990s, the private sector has added at least 200K jobs for nine consecutive months. hashtag.
The unemployment rate is falling as fast as any point in the last 30 years. Let's keep building that url.
Jackie Robinson West ll Stars: merica's url.
This is undeniable progress on the minimum wage. Congrats to the name volunteers who are fighting to url.
"I'm going to squeeze every last bit of opportunity to make the world a better place over these last two years." iPresident Obama.
Happening now: President Obama is holding a press conference. Tune in. url.
Watch the weekly address: President Obama wants a strong economy with opportunities for women and working url.
WTCH: The President and First Lady are welcoming children to the White House for trick-or-treating. url hashtag.
Tricks, treats, and hugs. url.
Don't get scared. Get covered. url.
"It's up to us to restore the ideals that made this country great." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We have to raise our voices to demand that women get paid fairly." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: Let's encourage more women and more girls to go into fields like engineering, science, and math. hashtag.
"We've got to catch up to the 21st century. We've got to pass a fair pay law." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Nobody who works full time in merica should be raising their kids below the poverty line." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"bout 28 million mericans would benefit if we raised the minimum wage to $10.10." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"When women do well, everybody does well." i President Obama hashtag.
President Obama: We have to ensure women are full and equal participants in the economy. hashtag.
"We've got to harness the progress we're seeing in the broader economy to make sure it's working for all mericans." i President Obama.
"Ten million mericans have now gained the peace of mind of having health insurance." i President Obama.
"For the first time in six years, the unemployment rate is under six percent." i President Obama.
"Happy Halloween, everybody. I see a lot of you came as college students." i President Obama at Rhode Island College.
LIVE: President Obama is at Rhode Island College speaking about how women succeed in today's economy. url.
Even the scariest haunted house is no match for going without health insurance. url.
It's all hands on deck for hashtag includes url.
"Bold, big-hearted, and Boston strong, Tom was the embodiment of the city he loved and led." iPresident Obama on the passing Tom Menino.
This is why reform matters: Health care should be available when you need it. url.
Team Obamacare is for anyone who thinks all mericans deserve access to quality, affordable health care: url.
October has been a good month for marriage equality: url hashtag.
Happening now: President Obama is speaking to merican health care workers fighting Ebola. url.
The dangers of extreme weather can be heartbreaking. It's time to url.
Here's your reminder to take this important hashtag url.
Retweet if you agree the fight against climate change can't wait. url.
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement. Tune in to watch. url.
Who will make the biggest difference during the hashtag open enrollment period? That's up to you. url.
Take this quick health care surveyiit's important everyone gets the facts and information needed to hashtag url.
Health care reform is helping millions of mericans. Keep the momentum going: url.
Millions of mericans still need to get health insuranceithis is your chance to make an url.
Take a stand for hashtag url.
On November 15th, name volunteers will hit the ground running for health care url.
Better health coverage at lower costs isn't just a goal anymoreiit's actually url.
Volunteers across the country have helped millions get covered. Team Obamacare needs you. url.
Watch the weekly address: President Obama discusses the measures taken to respond to Ebola at home and url.
Will you weigh in on url.
This matters: Obamacare is helping millions get quality, affordable health url.
For everyone who has health insurance, here's a big way hashtag works for you: url.
The other side isn't done trying to derail health care reform. Join the team fighting to protect it: url.
Take this short survey about health care: url.
Defend health care reformijoin Team Obamacare: url.
The countdown until open enrollment has begun. url.
Obamacare is reducing costs and improving access to health care for millions. That's worth fighting for: url.
"Has the new law worked? For many, the answer is a resounding yes." More from name url hashtag.
Thousands have taken a stand for health care reformithe fight's not over. dd your name: url.
Here are ways to do your part before November 15th: url hashtag.
Read this story about hashtag from name "None of the most dire predictions has come to url.
dd your name: url Tell lawmakers that minimum wage workers shouldn't have to raise a family in poverty. hashtag.
re you ready for Round 2? You should be part of this: url.
When the health insurance marketplace opens again on November 15th, be part of the team helping url.
How many can you answer? Test your knowledge about the minimum wage: url hashtag.
Watch the weekly address: President Obama discusses what you need to know about url.
dd your name if you're one of the 7 out of 10 mericans that supports raising the minimum wage: url hashtag.
DYK: Raising the minimum wage would lift nearly a million people out of poverty. Let's get it done: url hashtag.
dd your name if you agree: Higher wages are key to a stronger economyiand that starts with a higher minimum wage. url.
Happening now: President Obama is speaking at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. url.
If you do one meaningful thing today, take the pledge to help mericans get url.
Team hashtag needs url.
Make this hashtag pledge: url.
Last spring, volunteers across the country helped millions get health insurance. It's about time to do that again: url.
Make this simple commitment: Say you'll help spread the word about health care enrollment. url.
Long-term unemployment is on the decline. Let's keep the economy moving in the right direction: url hashtag.
Get involved again, and help people hashtag url.
This work needs you. Pledge to do your part for health care enrollment: url.
You ready? url.
hashtag MT name The First Lady wants to know hashtag url hashtag hashtag.
LST CLL: dd your name tonight to tell the EP you support cutting carbon pollution. url.
It's easy to take a meaningful stand for cutting carbon pollution right now: url hashtag.
This is a big moment in the fight against climate changeistick it to climate change deniers by adding your url.
Tonight is the deadline to have your name included in OF's public comments to the EP: url.
Learn why major companies are dropping their support of LEC: url hashtag.
DEDLINE TONIGHT: dd your name to tell the EP you support cutting carbon pollution. url.
This is one meaningful way you can fight climate change now: url hashtag.
This name white board lays out how raising the minimum wage will improve livesiand the economy: url hashtag.
This is a new record-breaking level: In 2013, vehicle mileage averaged 24.1 miles per gallon. url.
" hard dayos work deserves a fair dayos pay." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
If you support cutting carbon pollution from the air, add your name here: url hashtag.
Watch the weekly address: President Obama makes the case for why it's time to url.
"Today, we honor Malala and Kailashos achievements." iPresident Obama on the Nobel Peace Prize announcement.
WTCH: hashtag hard-working mericans earning the minimum wage will get a leg up. url.
There's support from both sides of the aisle on raising the minimum wage: url hashtag.
WTCH: mericans earning the minimum wage will be able to do more hashtag url.
If you think no one who works full time should raise a family in poverty, sign this petition: url hashtag.
"It's long past time for us to raise the minimum wage." ii President Obama hashtag url.
It's time: hashtag both the economy and merican workers get a url.
Watch President Obama's message to name supporters: It's time to raise the minimum wage. url hashtag.
Happening now: President Obama is participating in a town hall with members of the name community. url.
Cutting carbon pollution will lead to a safer climate. Take action: url.
Check this out: More than 500,000 people have signed the hashtag url.
There are many reasons to hashtag are just a few: url.
Let the other side know: Growing the economy and fighting climate change aren't contradictory. url hashtag.
It's time to get real about climate changeistarting with the name plan to cut carbon pollution: url hashtag.
Here's your chance to take a stand against climate change denial: url hashtag.
It's not just workers: ccording to a new survey, support is high among employers to url.
Your signature is your voiceiuse it to support raising the minimum wage: url hashtag.
Lew, a business owner in St. Louis, knows that a fair wage is a key part of the merican dream. Check out his url.
Have you signed the hashtag petition yet? url Say you're ready for merica to get a raise..
This is an easy way to show your support for cleaner air: url hashtag.
A few facts about the minimum wage you might not know: url hashtag.
ICYMI: Yesterday was an important day for marriage equality. url hashtag.
How much do you know about the minimum wage? url hashtag.
Step upishow your support for cutting carbon pollution: url url.
Retweet if you're a proud supporter of marriage equality. url.
These businesses wanted their employees to be fairly compensated. So they took action. url.
dd your name to support a raise for 28 million mericans across the country: url hashtag.
The Supreme Court just cleared the path for marriage equality in at least five more states. hashtag.
Happening now: President Obama is speaking at the merican Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial dedication. url hashtag.
Good news: merica's businesses extended the longest streak of private sector job gains on record. url hashtag.
"The folks who keep blocking a minimum wage increase are running out of excuses." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
Watch the weekly address: lthough the economy has improved, there's still more to do to help middle class url.
Here's an in-depth look at how our economy has made real progress in the last six years: url hashtag.
See why raising the minimum wage is a good idea for working mericans and their families: url hashtag.
There's been great progress over the past 55 monthsiit's time to hashtag to help keep the economy url.
Progress: The unemployment rate just fell to 5.9%, the lowest rate since July 2008. hashtag.
Great news: The U.S. economy added 248,000 jobs in September. url hashtag.
Retweet if you believe our economy should grow from the middle out, not the top down. url.
"The story of merica is a story of progress." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"It is the merican people who have made the progress of the last six years possible." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"mericaos economic greatness has never trickled from the top downiit grows from a rising, thriving middle class." iPresident Obama.
President Obama: While affordable health care might still be a threat to freedom on Fox News, itos working pretty well in the real world..
"Let's catch up to 2014." iPresident Obama on hashtag for women.
"Let's agree that no one who works full time in merica should ever have to work in poverty." iPresident Obama.
"If we raise the minimum wage, we wonot just put more money in workerso pocketsitheyoll spend that money." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Let's keep reforming our education system so young people at every level have the same shot at success." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Iom setting a new goal: By the end of this decade, letos enroll six million children in high-quality preschool." iPresident Obama.
"merica is better poised to lead and succeed in the 21st century than any other nation on Earth." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"When I took office, the deficit was nearly 10 percent of our economy. Today, itos approaching 3 percent." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We're slowing the cost of health careiand we're covering more people at the same time." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Premiums are rising at a rate tied for the lowest on record." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Today, we have seen a dramatic slowdown in the rising cost of health care." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"In the decade before the ffordable Care ctiK Obamacareidouble-digit premium increases were common." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Last year, our elementary and middle school students had the highest math and reading scores on record." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Today, theyore building and selling new cars at the fastest rate in eight years." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We have to make our economy work for every working merican." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"When the middle class thrives ... merica thrives. When it doesnot, merica doesn't." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This is the longest, uninterrupted stretch of job growth in our history." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Today, our businesses are hiring 200,000 mericans per month." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"s mericans, we can and should be proud of the progress our country has made over these past six years." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"merican leadership is the one constant in an uncertain world." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the future of our 21st century economy. Tune in: url hashtag.
President Obama will address the future of the economy at name at 2:15 pm ET. Don't miss it: url hashtag.
ICYMI: name volunteers across the country are preparing for the second health care enrollment url.
You now have basic rights and protections when it comes to health insuranceithanks to hashtag url.
State and local governments are taking action to url.
"Together, we renew our commitment to better prevent, detect, and treat breast cancer." iPresident Obama on Breast Cancer wareness Month.
A year ago today, extreme voices in Congress shut down the governmentiand here's one reason why they won't try url.
Support cutting carbon pollution: url hashtag.
Health care reform is all about hashtag for you and your family: url.
dd your name if you agreeicutting carbon pollution is just common sense: url hashtag.
Thanks to health care reform, getting covered could be more affordable than you think: url.
ICYMI: President Obama showed the world how the United States is leading in the fight against hashtag url.
"The people of the world look to us to lead. nd we welcome that responsibility." iPresident url.
Check this out: name volunteers are gearing up to help get the word out for the next health care enrollment url.
Watch the weekly address: President Obama discusses the responsibility merica has to url.
Retweet if you think it's time to hashtag h/t url.
Economic growth in the second quarter was even stronger than originally url.
Happening now: The President is delivering remarks at the Global Health Security genda Summit. Tune in. url.
The President has a plan to fight climate changeiyou should support it: url hashtag.
President Obama just designated the largest marine reserve in the world. Read more: url hashtag.
How President Obama is answering the call to url.
Good news: More insurers are offering health plans on the marketplace, meaning more choices for url.
Between droughts, wildfires, and dangerous storms, the effects of hashtag change are real. It's time to url.
Happening now: The President is delivering remarks at the United Nations on the Ebola epidemic. Tune in: url.
Watch as President Obama wishes L'Shanah Tovah, a good year, to those celebrating hashtag url.
dd your name to support taking action on climate change: url hashtag.
These Fortune 500 companies are stepping up their commitment to fight climate change: url hashtag.
It's time to hashtag url.
WTCH: President Obama is addressing the United Nations General ssembly now. url hashtag.
Retweet if you agree. url.
Now is the time to step up and support serious action to fight climate change: url hashtag.
"The most important title is not president or prime minister, but citizen." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at hashtag url.
"I call on all countries to join usinot next year, but now." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We have a special responsibility to lead. That's what big nations have to do." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We have to work together as a global community to tackle this global threat before it is too late." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We are the first generation to feel the effect of climate change and the last generation who can do something about it." iPresident Obama.
"We cannot condemn our children and their children to a future they do not have the capacity to repair." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a call for action at the U.N. Climate Summit. url hashtag.
President Obama will make the case for strong climate action at the U.N. Climate Summit at 12:50 p.m. ET. Watch here: url.
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement. url.
ICYMI: President Obama is teaming up with major companies to fight climate change. Read more: url hashtag.
Everyone has a role to play in ending sexual assault. url.
Watch this video about the Earth's climate changing at an unprecedented rate: url hashtag.
Doug is a rancher in New Mexico, and he's feeling the effects of climate change firsthand: url hashtag.
Check this out: name volunteers in California took a stand for clean energy. url hashtag.
Say you're ready to hashtag on climate url.
Watch: It's time to stand up to sexual assault. url hashtag.
Take the pledge to help make a fundamental shift in our culture around sexual assault: url hashtag.
"Take a pledge to help keep women and men safe from sexual assault." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"It is on all of us to reject the quiet tolerance of sexual assault." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"It's not just on the survivors." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We don't condemn sexual assault as loudly as we should." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Sexual violence isn't just a crimeiit's a civil rights violation." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Campus sexual assault is no longer a thing that we as a nation can say, 'It's not our problem.'" iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This is not your fight alone. It's on all of us." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Every one of these statistics is a life." name Biden hashtag.
LIVE: The President and name are launching hashtag because everyone has a role to play in stopping sexual assault. url.
FCT: No one can be denied coverage because of their current or past health. url url.
It's up to you to to keep the issues you care about front and center: url.
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement on congressional passage of the Continuing Resolution. url.
s Congress leaves Washington, it's your job to keep the conversation going on the important issues: url.
A new name solar energy plan will cut carbon pollution and help save on energy bills: url hashtag.
Don't let polluters win: url url.
Ranchers and farmers are facing instability, due to the effects of climate change: url hashtag.
Supporting clean drinking water is common sense: url url.
"For more than two centuries, our founding charter has guided our progress and defined us as a people." iPresident Obama on Constitution Day.
This shouldn't be controversial: Keeping mericans' drinking water safe is a good thing. url hashtag.
Happening now: President Obama delivers remarks from MacDill ir Force Base in Tampa, Florida. url.
President Obama is partnering with more than a dozen major U.S. companies to hashtag Read url.
The burden of student loan debt is too great. If you agree, go hashtag url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the name in tlanta. Tune in here: url.
Stand up to polluters and protect the Clean Water ct: url hashtag.
This study concludes that no one has to choose between fighting climate change and growing the economy: url hashtag.
If you agree women should earn hashtag for equal work, get your name hashtag url.
If you believe in expanding economic opportunity, go url.
Happening now: The President is awarding the hashtag the highest military honor. Watch here: url.
There's been real progress since the financial crisis hit six years ago today, but there's more work to url.
Put your support in (digital) ink. Go hashtag url.
Watch the weekly address: The President reiterates his plan to confront the threat posed by url.
Student loan debt is not just a young person's problem: url hashtag.
mericans are paying less and getting more from their health care. More from url.
More than half a million name supporters have gone hashtag for expanding economic opportunity. Join in: url.
"People who love their country can change it ... That is the promise of meriCorps." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"If you're an employer  look to meriCorps. Look to the Peace Corps." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We've seen again and again how national service gives young people valuable training  and employers have noticed." iPresident Obama.
"We are determined to help meriCorps succeed." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I began to understand what citizenship meantinot just words on a page." iPresident Obama on community service hashtag.
"The Obama household was on board with meriCorps from the start." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"You have made merica stronger because of what you've done." iPresident Obama to name hashtag.
LIVE: The President is celebrating 20 years of name hashtag Watch: url hashtag.
Happy birthday to meriCorps, which has been hashtag for 20 years: url hashtag.
Watch: Last night, President Obama addressed the nation about the threat from url.
merica endures. url.
"Thirteen years after small and hateful minds conspired to break us, merica stands tall." iPresident Obama url.
ICYMI: Watch the full remarks from President Obama's address to the nation url.
Happening now: President Obama is addressing the nation. Watch here: url.
President Obama will address the nation at 9:00 p.m. ET about the threat posed by ISIL. Watch: url.
Raising the wage, equal pay for equal work, reining in student loan debtigo hashtag in support of action: url.
Put your name hashtag and make it clear where you stand on expanding economic opportunity: url.
The carbon pollution levels in the atmosphere rose at a dramatic rate last year. It's vital to url.
"We reaffirm the basic human right to be free from violence and abuse."iPresident Obama on the Violence gainst Women ct's 20th anniversary.
"'Thereos no debate': 97 experts explain the scientific consensus on climate change" More from name url hashtag.
It's been more than five years since the national minimum wage was raised. That's wrong: url hashtag.
Watch: Congress is back this week. Time to demand better from name url.
On Women's Equality Day, name volunteers discussed ways to help working families succeed: url hashtag.
Watch: A special pep talk for url.
"ll the middle class in this country wants is a chance. No guarantee, just a chance." name Joe url.
Congress heads back to Washington this weekinow is not the time to be cynical about what they can url.
Watch name Joe Biden deliver the weekly address, saying it's time to help the middle class: url hashtag.
There's more to do, but this is real progress: 10M private-sector jobs have been added over 54 straight url.
Say no to cynicism: url.
In 54 straight months of job growth, the economy has added 10 million private-sector jobs. There's still more to url.
For just $123 a month, Phil and his family of five are covered. url hashtag.
You should reject cynicism: url.
"I think it's wonderful." Tanyce is a cancer survivor, and hashtag she's praising her new health care plan: url.
Because some are standing in the way, this has been the least productive Congress in modern history. Demand url.
dd your name: url Refuse to be cynical about what leaders in Congress can accomplish..
FCT: Total U.S. exports sustained 11.3 million merican jobs in 2013. hashtag.
The other side hopes people like you will get cynical and tune outiyou should refuse: url.
Congress is heading back to Washington next week: Refuse to be cynical about what they can get url.
Retweet if you think Congress should help rein in the burden of student loan debt. url.
Organizers got together for an important conversation at name Women & Working Families Summit: url hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is in Milwaukee speaking at Laborfest 2014. Tune in: url hashtag.
To every merican working hard each and every single day, happy url.
President Obama: It's time to raise the minimum wage. Watch the weekly url.
"In merica, no one who works full-time should ever have to raise a family in poverty." iPresident url.
Let's keep building economic hashtag Learn url.
This is what the gender pay gap looks like for women just four years after college graduation: url hashtag.
Great news: Economic growth in the second quarter was even better than url.
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement. Tune in here: url.
It's time to close the pay gap between men and women. url.
Retweet if you think these 28 million mericans deserve a raise. url.
Show off your grassroots url pride: url.
It's time to hashtag url Make sure your name is on the petition..
To celebrate the power of grassroots url name is giving away this free sticker. Get yours today: url.
Julius was able to follow his dream, thanks to new, affordable coverage: url url.
Expecting an addition to the family? Check your health care options: url.
" climate for change: merica should not wait while the world warms" More from name url hashtag.
Retweet if you agree that women deserve equal pay for equal work. url.
Watch: Immigration reform, raising the minimum wage, college affordabilityiit's time for economic hashtag url.
It's time to make the pay gap a thing of the pastimerican women deserve better. hashtag.
uIf you want somebody who knows how to get the job done, no matter the mission, hire a veteran.u iPresident Obama at hashtag.
"I'm announcing 19 new executive actions to improve mental health care for those merican heroes and their families." iPresident Obama.
"Upholding our trust with our veterans is not just a matter of policyiit's a moral obligation." iPresident Obama at hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the hashtag in Charlotte. Tune in: url h/t name.
Watch: ustan Goolsbee talks about why Congress should act to build economic url.
hashtag  name Retweet if you agree: This is completely url.
There's been progress in job creation and economic growth, but Congress can do more to help the economy along: url.
It's the best coverage Jim ever had and it came just in time: url url.
Congress needs to act to build economic hashtag url.
Shout out to hashtag U.S. champions, Chicago's own Jackie Robinson West ll-Stars. You made your city and country proud..
"Thanks to the decisions we made to rescue and rebuild our economy ... merica is leading again." iPresident url.
Read the truth about economic opportunity: url hashtag.
Watch the weekly address: The economy is gaining momentum, but Congress must do its url.
The economy is headed in the right directionibut there's more work to do: url hashtag.
Maryanne has better coverage at a lower cost: url url.
Supporting new carbon pollution limits, name volunteers were out in force gathering signatures in their url.
Here are a few ways Congress should help keep the economy growing: url hashtag.
More good news about the economy: "uto Production at Its Highest Rate Since 2002" url hashtag.
dd your name if you believe in building economic hashtag url.
Bill finally got coveredifor less than he expected. url hashtag.
This is history: name put more than 400k names on the permanent record of people who made health care reform url.
The economy should grow from the middle out, not the top down. dd your name if you agree: url hashtag.
The economy is growingibut there's still more work to do. url url.
ICYMI: merican businesses have added 9.9 million jobs since early 2010. url hashtag.
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement. Tune in to watch: url.
"Housing construction bounced back in July, hitting its highest level in eight months..." More from url.
Good news: The number of job openings just hit a 13-year high. url hashtag.
"Vermonters sent him to Washington to follow his conscience, and he did them proud." iPresident Obama on Senator James Jeffords' passing.
Happening now: The President delivers a statement on Iraq and the situation in hashtag url.
Sign the petition: url It's time to raise the minimum wage. hashtag.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the importance of affordable higher education: url hashtag.
Earning the minimum wage while raising a family shouldn't mean living in poverty. It's time to hashtag url.
FCT: 97% of scientists and NS accept the science of climate change. url.
Getting covered made Jason so happy he wanted to tell everyone: url hashtag.
It's time to get serious and url.
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement. Tune in: url.
Retweet if you support cutting dangerous carbon url.
Read how name supporters are taking a stand against carbon pollution: url hashtag.
Check it out: Last week, name volunteers celebrated the success of health care url.
Climate change will make the intensifying droughts across the West even more extreme and dangerous: url hashtag.
"EP climate rule economically feasible, study says" More from name url hashtag.
"The death of Michael Brown is heartbreaking." iPresident Obama. Read the full url.
You should put your name on this hashtag petition: url.
"Robin Williams was an airman, a doctor, a genie, a nanny ... and everything in between. But he was one of a kind." iPresident Obama.
Happening now: The President delivers a statement on the latest developments in Iraq. url.
Find out how name is taking action on climate changeiand how you can get involved: url hashtag.
ICYMI: President Obama visited mom-and-pop shops in historic Parkville, Missouri: url.
WTCH: President Obama details merican operations in url.
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement on the situation in Iraq. url.
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement on the situation in Iraq. url.
The House of Representatives didn't hashtag Instead, they voted on url.
Lawmakers around the country need to know it's time to hashtag url.
LIVE: President Obama delivers remarks about improving health care quality and access for veterans. url.
Your signature is your voice: Sign this hashtag petition before it's delivered to lawmakers. url.
Sign name petition to hashtag url.
Watch: Because of climate change, the average U.S. wildfire season is longer and more intense. url hashtag.
$7.25 an hour just isn't enough. It's time to hashtag url.
"Study: States Embracing Obamacare See Biggest Drops in Uninsured" More from url.
LST CHNCE: Sign OF's birthday card for President Obama. url.
Don't url to leave a personal note for President Obama's birthday today: url.
"Some people prefer cake. I like pie." iPresident url.
President Obama: Michelle and I send our deepest condolences to the family of former White House Press Secretary James Brady on his passing..
Send President Obama some love for his birthday: url.
Retweet to share a happy reminder about health care url.
Today is President Obama's birthdayimake sure you sign OF's card: url.
Help put a smile on the President's face: Sign name birthday card. url.
ICYMI: For six months in a row, private sector job creation has exceeded 200,000 jobs. url hashtag.
Have a hard time picking a card? You're in luck: name wants you to pick your favorite for President Obama's url.
Sign your name to OF's birthday card and send a note of thanks to President Obama. url.
"The bottom line is this: Weove come a long way these past five and a half years."iPresident Obama url hashtag.
Watch the weekly address: The President is working to help the middle class. It's time Congress did the url.
Sign name birthday card for the President, and send your best wishes: url.
FCT: 9.9 million private sector jobs have been added over the past 53 months. hashtag.
It's been 53 straight months of private sector job growthithat's the longest streak on record. url.
"fter all that we've had to overcome, our Congress should stop standing in the way of our country's success." iPresident Obama.
"The fact is we could be much further along ... if Congress would do the job that the people sent them here to do." iPresident Obama.
"That's the longest streak of private sector job creation in our history."iPresident Obama on 53 straight months of jobs creation hashtag.
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement from the Briefing Room. url.
Job growth has exceeded 200,000 for the sixth straight month. This is progress, but there's more to do: url hashtag.
Make hashtag special for hashtag url.
Pick your favorite cardithen add your name to wish the President a happy url.
WTCH: President Obama is speaking at the Department of Housing and Urban Development. url.
For the President's birthday this year, name supporters are saying thanksisign the card: url.
President Obama: If a company isn't treating its workers with integrity, then they're probably cutting corners in other areas, too..
"It wastes merica's time ... You guys are all paying for it as taxpayers."iPresident Obama on House leadership's lawsuit.
"You shouldn't be fired because of who you love." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"ny time Congress wants to do work with me to help working families, I'm right there." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We want to make sure the young dad on the factory floor has a shot to make it into the corner suite." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Millions more families have the peace of mind that comes with having affordable health care." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: The President is speaking about fighting for the hashtag that mericans deserve. url.
Speak up: Tell House leaders to hashtag and help middle-class mericans. url.
If you were hashtag make sure you know your options to hashtag when you turn 26: url.
Send your best wishes for President Obama's birthday: url.
Great news: The U.S. economy grew at a 4% rate in the second quarter of 2014. Read url.
"I believe in an optimistic merica that is making progress." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Let's make sure anyone who is working full time isn't living in poverty." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"I want Congress to do its job to make life easier for mericans who put them there in the first place." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We've got just today and tomorrow before Congress leaves town for a month, and there is still serious work to do." iPresident Obama.
"The states that have increased their minimum wage this year have seen higher job growth than the states that didn't." iPresident Obama.
"I want my daughters paid the same as your sons for doing the same jobs." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"You're doing your job. Imagine how much further along we'd be if Congress was doing its job, too." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The decisions we made to rescue our economy ... all those things are starting to pay off." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The unemployment rate is at its lowest since September of 2008." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Our energy, our technology, our auto industriesithey're all booming." iPresident Obama hashtag.
WTCH: President Obama is speaking about the economy from the name in Kansas City. url hashtag.
Take some time right now to add your name to this minimum wage petition: url hashtag.
Your name belongs on the hashtag petition: url.
Happening now: The President delivers a statement on the situation in Ukraine. url.
Delayed action will increase the costs of climate change. It's time to act: url hashtag.
Thanks in part to the ffordable Care ct, Medicare has improved for url.
This minimum wage petition is a big deal: Make sure your name is on it. url hashtag.
It's time to close tax loopholes so all companies play by the same rules. More from name Secretary Jack url.
Former Ohio Governor name took the hashtag Challenge: "I Tried to Live on Minimum Wage for a url.
A hospital visit won't break your bank account, thanks to the ffordable Care url.
Tying the knot soon? Don't url to check your health care options: url.
Don't miss the deadline to sign this hashtag petition: url.
Take a moment to sign this hashtag petition: url.
ICYMI: This is what the hashtag Challenge is all about: url.
ct soon to get your name on this minimum wage petition before it's too late: url hashtag.
If you stand for raising the minimum wage, your name belongs on this petition: url hashtag.
"Letos embrace an economic patriotism that says we rise or fall together, as one nation." iPresident url.
Watch the weekly address: The President wants an economy that benefits everyone, not just a few at the url.
See how raising the minimum wage will grow the economy for everyone: url hashtag.
"More than half of mericans believe that they or others are better off with Obamacare..." More from url.
These volunteers are taking a stand to hashtag in their url.
Why you should care about url.
ICYMI: A new study says more than 10M mericans gained health insurance through the health care marketplace so url.
"If we can work together, I promise you there is no holding merica back." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The hardest thing in politics is to change a stubborn status quo." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Economic patriotism says it's a good thing when we close wasteful tax loopholes and invest in education." iPresident Obama.
"We need to stop companies from renouncing their citizenship just to get out of paying their fair share of taxes." iPresident Obama.
"States that have increased the minimum wage this year have seen higher job growth than those that didn't." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Today marks exactly five years since the minimum wage went up in this country." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"I'm always impressed by folks who have had the courage to go back to school, especially those later in life." iPresident Obama.
"Today I'm here to focus on one thing ... training more mericans to fill the jobs we're creating." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This past year, we saw one of the fastest drops in nearly 30 years in the unemployment rate." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I'm here because I am listening ... I'm listening to mericans all across the country." iPresident Obama hashtag.
WTCH: President Obama is calling for fair tax rates for corporations. url.
A lot has changed in five yearsibut the minimum wage has stayed the same. hashtag url.
Retweet if you agree: Five years without raising the minimum wage is too long. hashtag.
The last time the federal minimum wage was raised was five years ago today. hashtag url.
mericans across the country are taking the hashtag Challenge to see what it's like to live on $77 a week: url.
This minimum wage petition will be delivered to lawmakers soon. dd your name before the deadline: url hashtag.
Join mericans across the country and take the hashtag Challenge: url.
Join mericans taking the hashtag Challenge: Could you live on $77 a week? url.
Read this: merican workers must be equipped with the skills needed to compete in the 21st century. url hashtag.
Sign this petition: url Your voice matters. url.
See what President Obama is doing to help mericans find good jobs: url hashtag.
"Let's get together, work together, to restore opportunity for every single merican." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Instead of rewarding companies for shipping jobs overseas, let's create jobs right here in merica." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Let's make sure the next generation of women are getting a fair deal." iPresident Obama on fair pay hashtag hashtag.
"Every job seeker should have the tools they need to take their career in their own hands." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: If you're working hard, you should be able to get a job that pays well and look after your family. hashtag.
"The good news is today ... our businesses have added over 10 million jobs in the past 52 months." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The unemployment rate is at its lowest since September 2008." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama and the name want mericans to have access to today's good jobs. Tune in: url hashtag.
Watch the President and name speak about helping merican workers find good jobs at 12:10 p.m. ET: url hashtag.
The deadline to sign this minimum wage petition is approaching. Don't miss your chance: url hashtag.
President Obama took action today against hashtag discrimination. Read url.
WTCH: President Obama is participating in a town hall at name about the hashtag initiative. url.
Happening now: The President delivers a statement on the situation in Ukraine. url.
LIVE: The President is taking action to protect LGBT employees from workplace discrimination. url.
uWe have to make sure our economy works for every working merican.u Watch the weekly address: url hashtag.
In the weekly address, see the President's plan for building an economy that works for every hard-working url.
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement on the situation in Ukraine. url.
"Wherever and whenever I have a chance to help families like yours, I'm going to do it." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We should be making sure that hard work pays off with a higher minimum wage." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"What I've done is put forward a plan to rebuild our infrastructure in a responsible way." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"First-class infrastructure attracts investment and first-class jobs." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We've got to make sure our economy works for every merican." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Our businesses have now added nearly 10 million new jobs over the past 52 months." iPresident Obama.
"It is great to be in the state that gave us Joe Biden." iPresident Obama.
Happening now: President Obama is announcing a new initiative to hashtag Tune in here: url.
Tune in at 2:10 p.m. ET to see President Obama announce a new initiative on infrastructure: url hashtag.
Read what the President is doing to protect communities from the impacts of climate change: url hashtag.
"Climate change poses a direct threat to the infrastructure of merica." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
Thanks to health care reform, expecting families have the protection they url.
dd your name: url The time to hashtag is now..
ICYMI: Good news on job url.
Sign this petition: Your voice matters in the fight to raise the minimum wage. url hashtag.
One reason it's time to hashtag 65% of merica's major roads' condition is rated lower than good..
FCT: Nearly 70% of mericans agree that transportation deserves more federal funding. hashtag.
Climate change deniers are at it again: url hashtag.
DYK: 1 in 4 of merica's bridges requires significant repair or cannot handle today's traffic. hashtag.
"Do something. That's my big motto for Congress right now." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The merican people have to demand that the folks in Washington do their job." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We could do so much more if we just rallied around a sense of economic patriotism." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"When you are in traffic congestion because of poor planning and infrastructure, that's a cost to you." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"There is something called the Highway Trust Fund ... It helps states fund state infrastructure projects." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"First-class infrastructure attracts first-class jobs." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"s the father of a daughter who just turned 16, any new technology that makes driving safer is important to me." iPresident Obama.
WTCH: President Obama is in Virginia discussing ways to rebuild merica's infrastructure. url hashtag.
dd your name to help millions of mericans who are struggling to make ends meet on the minimum wage: url hashtag.
Join the fight to help folks struggling to get by on the minimum wage: url hashtag.
It's time to hashtag Check out the President's plan to fix our roads and bridges. url.
Hard-working mericans deserve better than the current minimum wage. It's time for a change: url hashtag.
Get your name on the minimum wage petition before it's delivered to lawmakers: url hashtag.
Retweet if you think hard-working mericans deserve a raise. url.
Watch: See how this Maine shoe store owner takes care of his employees. url hashtag.
Chris has been sailing most of his lifeiand he's seen the impacts of climate change firsthand: url hashtag.
"Do something, Congress. Do anything to help working mericans." Watch the weekly address: url hashtag.
This minimum wage petition is about making sure your voice is heard: url hashtag.
Watch the weekly address: With or without Congress, the President won't stop fighting for working url.
FCT: Employment growth in 2014 has been faster in states that raised the minimum wage. url hashtag.
Check out who joined together to call on House leaders to pass immigration reform: url hashtag.
Follow the team that's now 5 million action takers strong: name hashtag.
"Our country needs it." See why this small business owner wants to hashtag url.
Retweet if you're ready to url.
"The evidence is pretty overwhelming ... that Obamacare has driven down the uninsured rate." More from url.
Watch: This shoe store owner knows running a successful business means happy, well-paid employees. url hashtag.
States that raised the minimum wage are seeing stronger job growth: url hashtag.
"nd it's your voice that's going to change this country." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"merica is making progressidespite what the cynics say, despite unyielding opposition." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"It's lonely doing work all by myself." iPresident Obama to House leadership hashtag.
"There's no denying a simple truth: merica deserves a raise." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"I don't want our future leaders saddled in debt before they start out in life." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I want to make sure the next revolution in manufacturing is happening right here in merica." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We know it's what we should be doing and what drives me nuts is Washington isn't doing it." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"By almost every measure, we are better off now than when I took office."iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This country is not going to succeed if just a few are doing well. This country succeeds when everyone's got a shot." iPresident Obama.
"We've still got a long way to go...we know there are still a lot of folks out there looking for work." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We have come farther and recovered faster, thanks to you, than just about any other nation on Earth." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"More young people are graduating from college than ever before." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Our businesses have added 10 million new jobs in the last 52 months." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Everybody knows I love ustin, Texas." iPresident Obama.
Happening now: The President is in ustin talking about growing the economy. url hashtag.
Make sure your name is on this minimum wage petition: url hashtag.
Jim owns a shoe store that's been open for 100 yearsiand he makes sure his employees earn a fair wage. url hashtag.
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement on the humanitarian situation at the southwest border. url.
Don't miss your chance to sign this minimum wage petition before it's delivered: url hashtag.
"Your voice might move fellow citizens to change what needs changing." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The hardest thing to change in politics is a stubborn status quo." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We fall and we rise as one nationias one people." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Whenever I can go ahead and help families like yours and have the legal authority to do it, I'm going to do it." iPresident Obama.
"Our economy grows best from the middle outiwhen everybody has a shot." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Washington may chase whatever story they think may get attention, but to me the only story that matters is your story." iPresident Obama.
"You won't go broke just because you got sick." iPresident Obama on the ffordable Care ct hashtag.
"Manufacturing is adding jobs for the first time since the '90s." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"lex wrote to tell me that the day after my State of the Union address, her boss gave her a raise." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"It's one of the most important things I do." iPresident Obama on reading 10 letters from mericans each day hashtag.
LIVE: The President is speaking in Denver about growing the economy from the middle out. url hashtag.
Make sure your representatives know where you stand on raising the minimum wage: url hashtag.
President Obama is hitting the road this summer to meet mericans who wrote him a letter. Read url.
Sign this petition and make your voice heard: url url.
mericans want progress. This is about making it happen. url.
dd your name if you think working full-time for $14,500 a year isn't enough: url url.
ICYMI: There's more good news about job growth and the economy. Check out this url.
These name volunteers are making their voices heard in the fight on hashtag url.
Good news: The minimum wage is on the rise in several states and cities across the country. url hashtag.
Hereos a hashtag progress report that will make you url.
On hashtag wave the stars and stripes with url.
Progress: In June, the private sector added 262,000 jobs. url.
Throwback to last week when a womaninot her bossimade her own decisions about her health care. url.
In 2014, the private sector has added 1.4 million jobsithe most in any first half of a year since 1999: url hashtag.
Retweet if you agree: It's time the 24 states blocking Medicaid access for 5.7 million mericans put hashtag.
FCT: If 24 states stopped blocking Medicaid, 5.7 million more people would be eligible for affordable health insurance. hashtag.
"Few pieces of legislation have defined our national identity as distinctly, or as powerfully." iPresident Obama on the hashtag.
It's time for workplace policies that help hashtag Read how name volunteers are taking url.
Watch: President Obama had some choice words for climate change deniers in Congress. url hashtag.
ICYMI: House leadership has stalled on hashtag reform for more than a year, so President Obama is taking action. url.
"Go Team US." iPresident Obama url.
"If all of you are fighting alongside me every single day  then we're going to make merica better than ever." iPresident Obama.
"If you work hard, if you're responsible, you can make it here in merica." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We know from our history, our economy doesn't grow from the top down, it grows from the middle out." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"s long as they do nothing, I'm not going to apologize for doing something." iPresident Obama on House leadership hashtag.
"I'm going to keep taking actions on my own that can help the middle class." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We went through the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression. We've climbed back." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Happening now: The President is speaking about the economy. url hashtag.
Don't miss the President's remarks on the economy at 2:20 p.m. ET: url hashtag.
Watch: With or without Congress, it's time to move forward on the issues that matter url.
MIDNIGHT DEDLINE: Chip in to support name and you'll be automatically entered to win a trip to celebrate in Chicago. url.
Chip in today to join the fight for change: url.
It's more important than ever to take action on the issues that matter most. Tell name what you're fired up about: url.
This is your last chance to win a summer weekend in Chicago. Enter before time runs out: url.
Your voice matters in this: dd your name today if you hashtag url.
Your name belongs here. dd it today: url.
"One of the things that makes this country great is that we are a nation of immigrants." iPresident Obama.
"We won this country's freedom together. We built this country together. We defended this country together." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Pass a bill. Solve a problem. Don't just say no on something that everybody agrees needs to be done." iPresident Obama to House leadership.
"If Congress will not do their job, at least we can do ours." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"merica cannot wait forever for them to act." iPresident Obama on House Republicans hashtag.
"I take executive action only when we have a serious problem  and Congress chooses to do nothing." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Our country and our economy would be stronger today if House Republicans had held a simple yes-or-no vote." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"For more than a year, Republicans in the House have refused to hold a vote." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"That bill would strengthen our borders, grow our economy, shrink our deficits." iPresident Obama on the Senate-passed immigration bill.
"One year ago this month, senators from both parties  came together to pass a common-sense immigration bill." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: President Obama is addressing the importance of taking action on hashtag reform. Tune in here: url.
If you agree that women should be able to make their own health decisions, fight for it: url hashtag.
It's time to move forward on the issues that matter most, with or without url.
Some members of Congress still won't accept the science of climate change. Help call them out: url hashtag.
This is how you can fight back against special interests' and polluters' anti-climate agenda: url hashtag.
Health care reform has helped millions of mericans hashtag Join the team keeping up the url.
Be part of this grassroots movement: url.
Climate change deniers and polluters must stop standing in the way of tackling this issue: url hashtag.
Looking for a summer vacation? Here's your chance to win a trip to Chicago on name today: url.
Support name today and keep fighting for change: url.
Skills. cc url.
Hear how these couples describe what marriage has meant to them: url hashtag.
Here's your chance to see the beautiful Chicago skyline for yourself this summer: url.
FCT: House leaders have stalled on immigration reform for a year, and it's already cost the country more than $13 billion..
The Magnificent Mile, Millennium Park, deep dish pizza: You could win a free trip to Chicago this summer. url.
Watch the weekly address: President Obama will continue taking action and expanding url.
Do your part to make change possible: url.
You could celebrate in Chicago at name birthday party for President Obama: url.
Retweet if you agree with the majority of mericans who support comprehensive immigration reform. hashtag.
Chip in and be automatically entered to join name in Chicago to celebrate President Obama's birthday: url.
"I am always going to keep listening and I am always going to keep fighting."iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Our country is stronger when every merican can count on affordable health insurance." iPresident Obama.
"More than 450,000 of your neighbors are poised to get a raise." iPresident Obama on Minnesota raising the minimum wage hashtag.
President Obama: Gridlock and willful indifference can't get in the way of hard working merican families. hashtag.
"We can't afford to wait for Congress right now." iPresident Obama.
"We do better when a young family knows that they can get ahead." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We are fighting so everybody has a chance." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We have come farther and recovered faster than just about any advanced economy on Earth." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the economy from Minneapolis. Tune in: url hashtag.
One year ago today, the Senate passed a bipartisan immigration reform bill. Leaders in the House have failed to act. hashtag.
You could win a free trip to Chicago this summer. Here's how: url.
One year ago, hashtag was struck down. url.
You should own a piece of this: url.
Happening now: President Obama hosts a town hall in Minneapolis. Tune in: url hashtag.
This is what marriage means to those who have had the chance to say "I do": url hashtag.
Don't miss your chance to win a free trip to the Windy City: url.
Ready. hashtag url.
Chip in today and put your name alongside those fighting for change: url.
Chip in today to help support the movement that's making progress where it counts: url.
Here's one way to help name call out climate change deniers in Congress: url hashtag.
One year ago, President Obama introduced his Climate ction Plan. It's already making real progress: url hashtag.
Thanks to the ffordable Care ct, you're covered at the pharmacy url.
Help fight back against health care repealers. url.
See why these mericans believe in raising the minimum wage: url url.
Sign this petition: It's time to raise the minimum wage. url url.
Be counted in this amazing grassroots url.
This url.
Full-time workers earning the national minimum wage make only $14,500 a year. That's not enough: url hashtag.
Help name reach an amazing milestone: 500,000 grassroots donors. url.
LIVE: name closes out the name Summit on Working Families. Tune in: url hashtag.
FCT: Women are now the primary or co-breadwinner in nearly two-thirds of merican families. hashtag.
"No matter what you look like or where you come from, here in merica, you can make it." i President Obama.
"I take this personally because I'm the husband of a brilliant woman who struggled to balance work and raise our girls." iPresident Obama.
"I was raised by strong women who worked hard to support my sister and me. I saw what it was like for a single mom." iPresident Obama.
"Many of these issues are not partisan until they get to Washington." iPresident Obama.
"Even if Republicans in Congress refuse to budge on this issue this year, everyone knows merica deserves a raise." iPresident Obama.
"I promise you: You have a president who will take action to support working families." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The bottom line is 21st century families deserve 21st century workplaces." iPresident Obama hashtag.
" whole lot of fathers would love to be home for their babies' first weeks in the world." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"nything that makes life harder for women, makes life harder for families." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Parents who work full time should earn enough to pay the bills." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Nearly 28 million mericans would benefit if we raised the wage to $10.10 an hour." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"In 31 states, decent child care costs more than college tuition." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Many women can't even get a paid day off to give birth. You'd think that would be a pretty low bar." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Work gives us a place of dignity and income, and is important. But families are the bedrock of our lives."iPresident Obama hashtag.
WTCH: President Obama is speaking on how to create workplaces that support working families. url hashtag.
President Obama will speak at the name Summit on Working Families today at 1:40 p.m. ET: url hashtag.
Retweet if you agree: Our economy succeeds when url.
Read President Obama's latest op-ed about the need for family-friendly workplace policies: url hashtag.
Happening now: name and name kick off the White House Summit on Working Families. url hashtag.
Read the President's latest message to name supporters: It's time to url.
Watch: Now is the time to hashtag url.
Don't url The White House Summit on hashtag starts tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. url.
"Family leave. Childcare. Flexibility. These arenot frillsitheyore basic needs." Watch the weekly url.
dd your name: Climate change is happening now. Whose side are you on? url hashtag.
Solar energy is more accessible than you think: hashtag in your own community. url.
Most mericans support protecting LGBT mericans from workplace discrimination. Say you're one of them: url.
Nearly 60% of people who got insurance on the marketplace were uninsuredinow they have affordable url.
Get ready for the White House Summit on hashtag coming up on Monday: url.
nother victory for equality: url hashtag.
"I commend the Massachusetts Legislature for ... taking action toward raising the stateos minimum wage." iPresident Obama.
It's time for paid leave policies that work for merican families. url.
Watch what President Obama said today about the situation in url.
"Kyle is a shining example of what our nation needs to encourage." iPresident Obama to Medal of Honor recipient Kyle Carpenter.
Don't url to tune in on Monday to the White House Summit on hashtag url.
It's unthinkable thatiin 2014isomeone could be fired because of who they are or whom they love: url hashtag.
Fantastic news: "Millions Get Obamacare Plans For $100 Or Less" More from url.
Great news: Financial assistance is cutting monthly premiums for some mericans by 76%, thanks to health care url.
"'If you can imagine it, then you can do it' ... That's a pretty good motto for merica." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"One of the best ways to create more new jobs is to boost merican manufacturing." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the first-ever White House Maker Faire. Watch here: url hashtag.
This California olive grower is seeing the impacts of climate change firsthand: url hashtag.
Save the date: The White House Summit on hashtag is this Monday, June 23. url.
Join the fight against LGBT discrimination: url.
dd your name: It's time to end workplace discrimination against LGBT mericans. url.
" lot of companies are realizing that family-friendly policies are good businessinot just the right thing to do." iPresident Obama.
"We've seen entrepreneurship in manufacturing expand at the fastest pace that we've seen in 20 years." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Companies, instead of outsourcing, are thinking about insourcing once again." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is in Pittsburgh speaking about spurring merican manufacturing and innovation. url hashtag.
One-question survey: Tell name what issue you're most fired up to work on. url.
11 on the field, more than 300 million cheering them on. hashtag url.
Retweet if you think every merican should be treated with dignityiregardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity..
Big news in the fight for hashtag url.
This is huge: President Obama will prohibit federal contractors from discriminating based on sexual orientation or gender identity..
The science is clear: Climate change is real. Help name call out climate change deniers. url.
Thanks to the ffordable Care ct, getting covered means a health emergency won't break your url.
Hugs for Dad: Happy Father's url.
College graduates: Make sure you know your health care options. url url.
Don't miss the opportunity to be an name Summer url.
Watch President Obama's weekly address wishing dads a happy url.
Watch: This could be you this summer. url hashtag.
dd your name: The burden of student loan debt is too great. It's time to take action. url hashtag.
"Michelle and I were saddened to hear of the passing of actress, author, and activist Ruby Dee." iPresident Obama.
Retweet if you think it's time to act on the student loan debt crisis. url.
Take this survey: What's your top priority for name url.
dd your name if you believe it's time to stand up for hashtag url.
Today President url proved once again skydiving is for all ages. Happy birthday, url.
dd your name: Student loan debt is out of control. It's time to act. url url.
A group of Senate Republicans refused to tackle the student loan debt crisis: url hashtag.
Retweet if you agree with the url.
Want a jumpstart on your url career? Become an name Summer url.
"Itos frustrating for students who are working hard."iPresident Obama on the bill to reduce student debt blocked by some Senate Republicans.
Watch: President Obama is making bold moves to act on climate change. url hashtag.
President Obama needs your help in reducing carbon pollution: url hashtag.
See how President Obama is working to make college more affordable: url hashtag.
"It continues to be a very smart investment to go to college.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama answers questions about college affordability on name Tune in: url hashtag.
Retweet if you agree: 51 years after the Equal Pay ct, it's hashtag on equal url.
It's been 51 years since the Equal Pay ct was signed, but women still don't have equal pay. url.
sk the President a question about college affordability for his Tumblr Q& tomorrow: url hashtag hashtag.
Tonight the President talks about the need to hashtag on name Watch a short url.
Today President Obama took action to help millions of borrowers afford their student loan payments. hashtag.
"This should be a no brainer." iPresident Obama on reducing the burden of student loan debt hashtag.
"We want young people to be in a position to pursue their dreams." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"More young people have been earning college degrees than ever before. That's something we should be proud of." iPresident Obama.
"s long as college costs keep soaring, we can't just keep throwing money at the problem." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I'm only here because this country gave me a chance through education." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: t a time when higher education has never been more important, it's also never been more expensive. hashtag.
"In merica, higher education opens the doors to opportunity for all." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This is a country where opportunity should be available to anybody." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We knowiall of you knowithat in a 21st century economy higher education is the single best investment in your future." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: President Obama is taking action to reduce the burden of student loan debt. url hashtag.
The President will talk about reducing the burden of student loan debt at 1:45 p.m. ET. Tune in: url hashtag.
Happening now: Watch the name hashtag Summit on Fatherhood, with name second baseman Daniel Murphy: url.
ll url.
Watch: Climate change is happening now, and President Obama is taking action. url hashtag.
You can fight back against the polluters and special interest groups. Here's how: url hashtag.
Do your part: Stand with the President and hashtag url.
"I will keep doing whatever I can without Congress to help responsible young people pay off their loans." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama discusses the importance of helping lift the burden of student loan debt. url hashtag.
Good news: The economy added 216,000 private sector jobs in May. url.
"We come to remember why merica and our allies gave so much for the survival of liberty." iPresident Obama on the 70th anniversary of D-Day.
This could be you this url.
Retweet if you agree that working full-time for only $14,500 a year isn't url.
Don't wait another moment to add your name: url hashtag.
Watch: The band name announces the first-ever White House Maker Faire. url hashtag.
Sign this petition: Stand for a higher minimum wage. url hashtag.
Take action this summer with name Organizing url.
Here's one important way to get involved with name url.
Read the President's message to name supporters, asking people to raise their voices on climate change: url hashtag.
Carbon pollution is a real public health threat: dd your name to support cleaner air. url hashtag.
Retweet if you support the Presidentos strong action against carbon pollution. hashtag.
This is huge: President Obama proposed the first-ever national limits on carbon pollution from existing power url.
This coalition of 176 companies supports the President's action on climate change: url hashtag.
Climate change activists scored a massive victory yesterday: url hashtag.
Watch: Climate change is real and it's happening now. See how President Obama is taking action. url hashtag.
"In merica we do not have to choose between the health of our economy and the health of our kids." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Power plants are responsible for about 40% of merica's carbon pollution." iPresident Obama hashtag.
DYK: New emission standards will shrink electric bills by about 8% by increasing energy efficiency and reducing demand..
dd your name if you stand with President Obama and aggressive action on climate change. url.
WTCH: name is making a big announcement on fighting climate change and keeping the air clean for our families. url.
ICYMI: name volunteers rallied to gather signatures for a minimum wage petition. url hashtag.
President Obama is acting on public healthiwith the first-ever national limits on carbon pollution from existing power plants. hashtag.
shly was a fellow at name this year. Read her url.
A win for public health: The first-ever national limits on carbon pollution from existing power url.
"For the sake of our children, we have to do more." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
In his weekly address, President Obama discusses new proposals to curb carbon pollution from existing power url.
Sign this petition if you believe it's time for a higher minimum wage: url hashtag.
You could meet James Taylor. Enter today: url.
Good news: Health care costs are growing at the slowest rate in 50 years. More from url.
Don't miss your chance: url.
Volunteers at name are taking action to call for a higher minimum wage: url hashtag.
Chip in today to be automatically entered to win a trip to Chicago to meet music legend James Taylor: url.
LIVE: The President is speaking at the White House Healthy Kids and Safe Sports Concussion Summit. url hashtag.
This could all be yours: url.
Want to meet James Taylor? Donate today and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to go backstage: url.
dd your name if you think leaders in these states need to stop blocking Medicaid expansion: url.
"Nothing can dim the light which shines from within." iMaya url.
"Her greatest stories were true." iPresident Obama on Maya ngelou.
Retweet if you agree: State leaders should put hashtag and stop blocking Medicaid url.
LIVE: President Obama delivers the commencement address at name Tune in: url.
This is wrong: In 24 states, leaders are blocking Medicaid expansion for millions of mericans. url hashtag.
You'll never guess how name volunteers rewarded local business owners for raising their url.
Every merican deserves access to affordable health care. Leaders in 24 states are standing in the url.
LIVE: President Obama is talking to the nation's youngest scientists at the hashtag Tune url.
Watch the President address tomorrow's innovators at the hashtag Tune in at 11:45 a.m. ET: url.
"Let us never url their service and always be worthy of the sacrifices made in our name." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Make your voice heard: Sign this petition on raising the minimum wage. url hashtag.
"Our history shines with patriots who answered the call to serve." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
In his weekly address, President Obama honors the brave men and women in uniform who gave their lives for url.
Spider bites. url.
You can help keep up the pressure on the members of Congress who are key to passing hashtag url.
Everyone deserves access to affordable health care. Stand up to state leaders who don't put hashtag url.
Currently 24 states are blocking Medicaid expansion for 5.7 million mericans. That's wrong: url hashtag.
WTCH: President Obama is standing among legends in Cooperstown as he speaks from the name url.
dd your name if you believe it's time for 24 states to put hashtag and stop blocking Medicaid expansion: url.
President Obama steps up to the plate at the name in Cooperstown for a speech at 3:30 p.m. ET. Tune in: url.
merican support for marriage equality is at a record high: url hashtag.
"Last season, 'the 12s' set a record not once, but twice, for the loudest crowd noise in history." iPresident Obama on the name fans.
More mericans have peace of mindithanks to the ffordable Care url.
Climate change is putting some of our nation's most cherished historic landmarks at risk: url hashtag.
This is why your voice url.
Thanks to the ffordable Care ct, more mericans don't have to worry about lifetime url.
This lawyer knows the hashtag on immigration reform first hand. Read her url.
No middleman. Just action. url.
dd your name if you agree that $14,500 a year isn't enough: url hashtag.
If you think $14,500 a year is not enough, sign this petition: url hashtag.
This is progress: More states and cities are raising the minimum wage, but there's still work to do. url hashtag.
Nearly two-thirds of minimum wage workers are womeniand they need a raise. dd your voice: url.
Hit the week url.
Sign this petition to make your voice heard: It's time to hashtag url.
Retweet if you think hard-working mericans earning the minimum wage deserve a raise. hashtag.
OF volunteers want to know: Do health care repealers still want to take health care away from url.
Watch: name believes in the merican url.
This is simple: Repeal means taking health care away from millions. url.
"Brown v. Board of Education shifted the legal and moral compass of our nation." iPresident Obama on the decision's 60th anniversary.
FCT: 5.7 million more people will have coverage if Medicaid is expanded in all 50 states. hashtag.
"No one should face violence or discriminationino matter who they are or whom they love." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"While Congress decides what itos going to do, Ioll keep doing what I can on my own." iPresident url.
Watch: In his weekly address, President Obama discusses actions to expand opportunity for more url.
Retweet if you think the 24 states blocking Medicaid expansion need to put url.
Women in merica need a fair shot. See url.
ICYMI: name volunteers hosted "Years of Living Dangerously" watch parties nationwide. url hashtag.
Health care reform brought access to affordable care to millions. Repealers want to take that away. url.
Why sign a petition? Your signature is your url.
Retweet if you agree: Repeal means taking health care away from millions of people. We can't go back. hashtag.
Inaction on immigration reform could cost this country future innovators. Read Nora's story: url hashtag.
Happy International Day of url.
The President is taking steps to save energy and money. Click to see more. url.
Itos wrong that 24 states are blocking Medicaid expansion. name volunteers are url url hashtag.
"I'll fight to make sure this generosity of spirit continues in future generations." Meet Nora and her family: url.
Happy birthday, Secretary name lbright..
This isn't controversial: It's time to put hashtag and expand Medicaid for mericans in all 50 url.
"Those we lost live on in us." iPresident Obama at the 9/11 Memorial.
"Nothing can ever break us. Nothing can change who we are as mericans." iPresident Obama.
"We tell their story so that generations yet unborn will never url iPresident Obama at the National September 11 Memorial and Museum.
"Here at this memorial, this museum, we come together. We stand in the footprints of two mighty towers." iPresident Obama.
WTCH: President Obama is speaking at the dedication ceremony of the National September 11 Memorial and Museum. url.
Retweet if you think health care repealers need to stop trying to take health care benefits away from millions. hashtag.
"merica doesn't stand still. There is work to be done." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Here's the sad part: Rebuilding mericaithat shouldn't be a partisan issue." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama on Congress: "If they don't act by the end of the summer, federal funding for transportation projects will run out.".
"Over the past five years, merican workers have repaired or replaced more than 20,000 bridges." iPresident Obama hashtag.
WTCH: President Obama is in Tarrytown, NY, discussing the need to improve infrastructure and hashtag url.
dd your voice: Sign this petition if you believe it's time to hashtag url.
Here's hashtag Millions would lose access to affordable health care. We can't go url.
The fight isn't overisign this petition if you think hard-working mericans deserve a raise: url hashtag.
FCT: Expanding Medicaid in every state would give health care coverage to 5.7 million more url.
Tell your lawmakers: It's time to give merica a raise. url hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is awarding the Medal of Honor to Kyle J. White, U.S. rmy. url.
Lawmakers in 24 states are blocking Medicaid expansion that would give millions coverage. It's time to put hashtag.
President Obama on hashtag "We renew our commitment to helping these vital enterprises url.
Making $7.25 an hour just isn't enough. Sign the petition for a higher minimum wage: url hashtag.
Quality, affordable child care options are limited for mothers and hashtag This must change: url.
Retweet to show your support for url.
Millions of mericans remain cut off from their economic lifeline because of the House's inaction. It's time to hashtag.
DYK: Raising the minimum wage would benefit one-fifth of all working moms. url hashtag.
Have a Happy Motheros Day. Now go give your favorite moms some url.
FCT: Since President Obama took office, merica has tripled electricity production from wind power. hashtag.
This is important: It's time to give 28 million workers a raise. url hashtag.
DYK: Last year, about a quarter of new power generation capacity was from solar, second only to natural gas. hashtag.
FCT: Since President Obama took office, merica has increased its electricity generation from solarimore than 10-fold..
Warm url.
"We will leave our children with a better future and a better merica." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Climate change is real and we have to act now." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"It's the right thing to do for the planet, but it's also the right thing to do for the bottom line." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"No matter where you live or where you do business, solar is getting cheaper." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Today, merica is closer to energy independence than we have been in decades." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: Changing the way we use energy is just one of the ways mericans have been working to move this country forward..
LIVE: President Obama is talking about energy efficiency in Mountain View, C. Tune in: url hashtag.
The hashtag on immigration reform is too big to ignore. dd your name to show your url.
FCT: More than 28 million mericans would benefit from raising the minimum url.
Don't url Preventive care is now covered, thanks to the ffordable Care url.
Climate change is realiand its effects are already being felt. It's time to hashtag.
"When all mericans are treated as equal, no matter who they are or whom they love, we are all more free." iPresident Obama hashtag.
merica deserves a raise. Sign the petition for a higher minimum wage: url hashtag.
Itos simple: mericans earning the minimum wage deserve a raise. Sign the petition: url hashtag.
Want your voice to be heard? That's what name is all about: url.
Hard-working mericans earning the minimum wage deserve a raise, plain and simple. Sign this petition: url.
Climate change isn't just about numbers and chartsiit's about people. Tell your climate change url.
Watch: name dreamed big when he moved to the U.S. Now he's fighting for immigration reform so others can url.
Sign this petition if you stand for raising the minimum wage: url hashtag.
President Obama to teachers: "Thank you for what youore giving our children and what youore giving our nation." hashtag.
The hashtag is clear: We have to act now to reduce carbon pollution and prepare for the effects of climate url.
The percentage of uninsured mericans is decreasing. Health care reform is working: url.
Sign this petition and make your voice heard: It's time to hashtag url.
Read about new initiatives to end sexual assault on college campuses: url hashtag.
While climate change deniers in Congress are stalling, you can act: url.
Listen to what ordinary mericans have to say about the minimum wage: url hashtag.
ICYMI: President Obama delivered the laughs at the White House Correspondents' Dinner. Watch url.
Right now in merica, full-time workers are living below the poverty line. Sign the petition to change that: url.
Get ready: It's time for the White House Correspondents' Dinner. Tune in at 6:00 p.m. ET. url.
"We need to keep goingito create more good jobs and give middle-class families a sense of security." iPresident url.
In his weekly address, President Obama discusses expanding opportunity for hard-working url.
This is good progressibut there's more to do. url.
Thanks to name and the 54 senators who fought to raise the minimum wage. Join them: url hashtag.
A win for public health: The Supreme Court has upheld name Cross-State ir Pollution Rule. url hashtag.
Good news: Employment rose by 288,000 in pril, driven by a 273,000 increase in private employment. url hashtag.
Support President Obama's plan to double the production of clean energy in the U.S. by url.
Take a stand for equal pay for women: url.
Hard work deserves more than $7.25 per hour. Join the fight to hashtag now: url.
"Together, we can reach the day where every child has a safe, loving, and permanent home." iPresident Obama hashtag.
A full-time worker earning minimum wage makes just $14,500 a year. Sign the petition to raise the wage: url hashtag.
Sign the petition for a higher minimum wage: url url.
These senators turned their backs on working families today: url hashtag.
Sign the petition: Be a part of the fight to raise the federal minimum wage. url url.
Raising the minimum wage will be good for merican families. Sign the petition today. url hashtag.
"With enough determination and persistence, the merican people will ultimately win out." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"If your member of Congress does not support raising the minimum wage, you need to let them know they're out of step." iPresident Obama.
"My message to the merican people is this: Don't get discouraged by a vote like the one we saw this morning. Get fired up."iPresident Obama.
"It's a very simple issue. Either you're in favor of raising wages for hard-working mericans or you're not." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"merica deserves a raise." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"bout three in four mericans support raising the minimum wage." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"By preventing even a vote on this bill, they prevented a raise for 28 million hard-working mericans." iPresident Obama hashtag.
WTCH: President Obama responds to the failed vote in the Senate on raising the minimum wage. url hashtag.
President Obama discusses the failed Senate vote on raising the minimum wage at 3:10 p.m. ET: url.
You can make a difference. Join the fight for marriage equality today: url.
This is what url.
Say you'll be a part of the fight to hashtag url.
"Living on minimum wage is a hopeless cycle." Meet Gina: url hashtag.
Volunteers across the country won't let their representatives url what repealing health care reform could url.
Just as shocked about the annual income of a minimum wage earner as these people? Join the fight to hashtag url.
If you think merica deserves a raise, let your senators know: url hashtag.
It's time to stand up for merican workers and hashtag Join the fight today: url.
DYK: Someone working full-time at the current federal minimum wage makes only $14,500 a year. Time to url.
These people agree: It's long past time for Congress to raise the federal minimum wage. url hashtag.
"Michelle and I join Catholics around the world in celebrating the canonization of Pope John XXIII and Pope John Paul II." iPresident Obama.
Watch: More than 7 in 10 mericans support raising the national minimum wage. url hashtag.
"Together, we must give enduring meaning to the words 'Never gain.'" iPresident Obama on Yom HaShoah.
You're running out of time: Tomorrow is the deadline to put your name on name permanent health care reform record: url.
Immigration reformifor our families, for our nation. Take a stand: url.
Last chance: Put your name on name permanent record of people who helped make health care reform a success. url.
"Itos time for $10.10. Itos time to give merica a raise." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
Watch the weekly address: President Obama is calling on Congress to raise the minimum url.
The ffordable Care ct has put quality health care within reach for url.
In tough times, we don't abandon merican families. Tell Congress to make it right: url url.
There's one fewer climate change denier in Congress: url hashtag.
Organizing for ction is for you. Be a part of name url.
Commit to hashtag url.
"Truly, you made history." iPresident url.
Be a part of this. url url.
A helping url.
It's long past time to restore economic opportunity to all mericans. dd your name: url.
Want to help make immigration reform a reality? url hashtag.
n average of 72,000 mericans are losing unemployment insurance every week: url.
Before the ffordable Care ct, Isaac hit his lifetime coverage limit in a year. url.
Rosetta has quality, affordable health care. Repealing the ffordable Care ct could take it away. url.
These people have the security of health insuranceibut some members of Congress still want to take it url.
The ffordable Care ct makes staying healthy easier. Repeal would make it harder. url.
This is what repealing the ffordable Care ct could mean for this cancer patient. url.
Millions could lose their health care as they know it if the ffordable Care ct is repealed. Spread the word: url.
No one should have to worry about hitting a lifetime coverage limit if they get sick. url.
This is what hashtag why we can't go url.
Repealing the ffordable Care ct would affect millions of mericans. url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a firehouse in Oso, Washington, regarding the mudslide. Watch here: url.
Gale is tired of working two jobs and not being able to make ends meet: url hashtag.
States are picking up the pace of increasing the minimum wage while Congress sits on the url.
"Caring for our planet requires commitment from all of us." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Truman knew that our citizens deserve the opportunity to achieve and enjoy good url.
Congratulations to all the Boston Marathon runners. hashtag.
"We need you to lead!" name volunteers are telling representatives in the House to act on immigration url.
"The time has arrived for action." iPresident Harry Truman on the need for health reform. dd your name to history: url.
Big progress is happening at every level to raise the minimum wageiexcept in url.
Happy url.
Last week, 44 senators voted against a bill that would help close the pay gap between women and url.
"From my family to yours, Happy Easter." iPresident Obama in the weekly url.
Hello, url.
"This weekend, Michelle and I join our fellow Christians in marking Good Friday and celebrating Easter." iPresident Obama.
Health care reform took generations of url Say you were a part of this: url (h/t name hashtag.
Our country is losing out on the economic gains of immigration reform because the House is stalling. url hashtag.
A background check could have saved Cheyenneos father. Instead, he lost his life to gun violence. Read his url.
Mark became a victim of gun violence on December 14th, 1998. His mother tells his url.
See why name volunteers were named White House Champions of Change earlier this month: url.
History. url hashtag.
The ffordable Care ct is workingifor millions of url.
"This thing is working." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"Millions of mericans who were uninsured now have coverage." iPresident Obama.
"The number of mericans who have signed up for health insurance in the marketplaces has risen to 8 million." iPresident Obama.
Up top. url.
"You inspire us, you inspire the country... you inspire me." iPresident Obama to the name Solider Ride participants.
LIVE: President Obama welcomes name Soldier Ride to the White House. url.
Two victories for clean energy in California: url hashtag.
"Everybody who works hard and takes responsibility deserves the chance to get ahead." iPresident Obama.
"We're using existing money to create opportunities for hardworking mericans like you." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Retweet if you agree we need to train mericans with the skills employers need. hashtag.
"We've got to make sure [every] job pays a decent wage." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"For too many middle class mericans, it feels as though the same trends that have been going on for decades are continuing"iPresident Obama.
"Everybody has a chanceithat's the idea of merica." iPresident Obama.
"Too many mericans, if they are lucky enough to have a job, are working harder and harder just to get by." iPresident Obama.
"In today's economy, it's never been more important to make sure that our folks are trained for the jobs that are there." iPresident Obama.
Watch: President Obama is speaking on the importance of jobs-driven skills training in a 21st century economy. url.
Taking a stand against gun violence matters to Gilbert and his family. See url.
Climate change is about more than data. It's about people. Watch the trailer for "Years of Living Dangerously": url.
President Obama will deliver remarks on jobs-driven skills training in Oakdale, P. Tune in at 3:45 p.m. ET: url.
Millions of mericans can now rely on quality, affordable health care url.
No. 42. He hit it out of the park. url.
Millions of mericans now have health insuranceiand peace of mindibut it couldn't have happened without url.
Watch: Health care reform changed the course of history in url.
You made change happen. Be proud. url.
"Today, we recognize the incredible courage and leadership of so many Bostonians in the wake of unspeakable tragedy." iPresident Obama.
Happy url.
If you want to see the House take action to fix our broken immigration system, here's how it could url.
dd your voice if you believe women deserve equal pay for equal work. url.
Watch for free: The first episode of "Years of Living Dangerously" is available online. url hashtag.
Health care reform changed the course of history in our countryiand you played a part. url.
The doctor is url.
These are the faces of minimum wage. url hashtag.
Watch the first episode of "Years of Living Dangerously" for free online: url hashtag.
Retweet if you think it's time the House voted on immigration reform. hashtag.
Why is it important to hashtag To protect people. Watch the trailer to "Years of Living Dangerously": url.
"Ensuring that women are paid fairly is a commonsense step to grow our economy." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
Watch President Obama discuss his fight for equal opportunity for women in the weekly address. url hashtag.
The House budget's top-down approach would cut taxes for millionaires and raise them for middle class url.
"The right to vote is something cherished by every merican." iPresident Obama.
"We're not going to let voter suppression go unchallenged." iPresident Obama.
"Justice requires the right to vote."iPresident Obama.
"We have states who, just out of political spite, are leaving millions of people uninsured."iPresident Obama.
"Opportunity means making the minimum wage a wage you can live on."iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We know we have to do more to restore merica's promise of opportunity for all people."iPresident Obama.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the name Network Convention. Tune in: url.
See how name supporters demanded a hashtag on Equal Pay url.
Don't miss President Obama's speech at the name Network Convention at 4:10 p.m. ET: url.
"I urge Congress to follow Minnesotaos lead, raise the federal minimum wage, and lift wages for 28 million mericans." iPresident Obama.
ICYMI: The Minnesota Legislature took action and increased the state minimum wage. url hashtag.
Meet the next generation of url.
Do the math: 77 does not equal 100. url hashtag.
The real victims of climate change: people. Watch the trailer for "Years of Living Dangerously": url hashtag.
On average, women in merica make just 77 cents for every dollar a man makes. It's hashtag url.
Throwback to some of the doomsday predictions about health care reform that didn't come true. url hashtag.
Send a message to members of Congress who don't believe in the pay gapiit's hashtag Help fight for equality: url.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the Civil Rights Summit marking the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights ct. url.
Sad fact: On average, a full-time working woman earns just $0.77 for every $1 that a man earns. url hashtag.
Show the world you are Organizing for ction: url.
Here's how immigration reform could become a url.
dd your name to be a part of the history of health url.
WTCH: The President is at Fort Hood paying tribute to the victims of the recent tragedy. url.
"Every day, mericans carry forward the tradition of service embedded in our character as a people." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Women are the breadwinners in 40% of U.S. households, but on average make 23% less than men: url hashtag.
Show your support for equal pay: url hashtag.
Women make up nearly half of the workforce, but on average make only 77 cents to the dollar of a man. hashtag.
Fair pay: f==or all of mericaos url.
"What determines success should not be our gender, but rather our talent." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
Yesterday the Senate voted to renew unemployment insurance, but there's still more work to do. See how you can url.
Meet Shivani, one of thousands of people making a difference by turning their passion into action with url.
No daughter should be paid less than somebody else's son for the same work: url url.
"Tomorrow, the Senate has the chance to start making this right by passing a bill called the Paycheck Fairness ct." iObama on hashtag.
"This is personal for me. I've got two daughters, and I expect them to be treated just like anybody's sons." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"merica deserves equal pay for equal work." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"There are commentators out there saying that the pay gap doesn't even exist... It's not a myth, it's math." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I'm going to sign an executive order to create more pay transparency." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This is not just an issue of fairness, it's a family issue and an economic issue." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Retweet if you agree that when women succeed, merica succeeds. hashtag.
"We've got to fight for an opportunity agenda." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We've got to build an economy that works for everybody, not just those at the top." iPresident Obama.
"Equal Pay Day means that a woman has to work about this far into 2014 in order to earn what a man earned in 2013." iPresident Obama.
"I didn't know I was paid unfairly, and I had no way to find out." iLilly Ledbetter, on hashtag hashtag.
LIVE: The President kicks off Equal Pay Day by discussing ways to strengthen equal pay laws for women. url hashtag.
Retweet if you believe women deserve the same pay as men for the same work. hashtag.
The Senate just took action on a bipartisan bill to hashtag for more than 2 million mericans. It's up to the House to follow suit..
Proud of health care reform? Then add your name to the permanent record of people who helped make it happen: url.
"The Maryland Legislature did the right thing for its workers today by increasing the state minimum wage to $10.10 an hour."iPresident Obama.
See who's joining the hashtag reform Dream Team: url hashtag.
"Every young person deserves a fair shot." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We want education that engages you." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We want to invest in your future." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Our businesses have created almost 9 million new jobs over the last four years." iPresident Obama.
"More young people are earning college degrees than ever before." iPresident Obama hashtag.
WTCH: The President is discussing ways to better prepare high school students for college and the job market. url.
Fighting for change never goes out of style: url.
Too many mericans have gone without unemployment insurance for too long: url hashtag.
Show your name pride. url.
"The budget I sent Congress earlier this year is built on the idea of opportunity for all." iPresident url.
Watch: In his weekly address, President Obama discusses the importance of a budget that builds economic url.
If you're proud of what health care reform has accomplished, put your name on this list: url.
Retweet if you're ready to give these women a raise. url.
FCT: Droughts in the southwest U.S. are expected to last over 5 years by 2050. It's time to hashtag.
"Thatos why 7.1 million folks have health insuranceibecause people got the word out." iPresident Obama url.
There are more than 10 reasons hashtag will be url.
Health care reform changed the course of history. dd your name to the permanent record of supporters: url.
Watch: Thanks to people like you, millions more mericans now have health coverageiand peace of mind. url.
The hashtag on immigration is having a real affect on local communities. Read these letters to the url.
No more stalling: Climate change deniers need to understand now that this is a real threat. url hashtag.
"merica is a place for everybodyithat's what we're fighting for." iPresident Obama.
"It's time for ten-ten. It's time to give merica a raise." iPresident Obama hashtag to $10.10.
"You can give merica the shaft, or you can give it a raise." iPresident Obama to Congress on the upcoming vote to hashtag.
"Members of Congress have a fresh chance to show which side they are on." iPresident Obama on the upcoming vote to hashtag.
"It's like that movie Groundhog Dayiexcept it's not funny." iPresident Obama on the attempts to dismantle Obamacare.
FCT: The majority of minimum wage jobs are held by women. hashtag.
"Don't url That's what you need to do. They may not hear the boos, but they can read a petition." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Republicans in Congress don't want to raise it at all." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Nearly 3 in 4 mericans support raising the minimum wage." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Fair wages and higher profits are not mutually exclusive. They go hand in hand." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Raising wages is not just a job for url not just a job for elected officialsiit's also a job for businesses." iPresident Obama.
"I don't want my daughters getting paid less than someone else's sons for the same job." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The good news is more young people are earning college degrees than ever before." iPresident Obama.
"In merica, we do not believe in opportunity just for the fewiwe believe that everybody should have a chance at success." iPresident Obama.
"We just went through the first month since 2003 where no U.S. soldier was killed in either fghanistan or Iraq." iPresident Obama.
"7.1 million mericans have now signed up for coverage ... That's enough to fill up the Big House 65 times." iPresident Obama to name.
"We're now seeing the manufacturing sector add jobs for the first time since the 1990s." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Our economy is doing better, it's growing." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The Reuben is killer." iPresident Obama on name in Michigan.
LIVE: President Obama is talking about raising the national minimum wage. Watch here: url hashtag.
President Obama wants to give merica a raise. Watch him discuss the minimum wage at name at 3:00 p.m. ET: url.
Thanks to the ffordable Care ct, insurers can no longer deny health coverage to people because they have autism. hashtag.
"On World utism wareness Day, we offer our support and respect to all those on the autism spectrum." iPresident Obama.
Here's what these people have to say about health care reform. url.
This is worth celebrating. url.
"I want to thank everybody that worked so hard to ensure that we arrived at this point today." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: s messy as it's been sometimes, the ffordable Care ct is progressiit's making sure everyone has health care..
"The debate over repealing this law is over. The ffordable Care ct is here to stay." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This law is doing what it's supposed to do. It's working. It's helping people from coast to coast." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Women, the sick, survivorsithey deserve fair treatment in our health care system." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Retweet if you agree: We'll work to get more mericans covered with each passing year. hashtag.
"Because of this law, millions of our fellow citizens know the security of health insurance." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"You can now go to url year-round to enroll when circumstances in your life change." iPresident Obama.
"The share of mericans with insurance is up, and the growth of insurance costs is down." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This law is bringing greater security to mericans who already have coverage." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"7.1 million people have now signed up for private insurance plans." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Six months ago today, a big part of the ffordable Care ct kicked in." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about health care enrollment. url.
Don't miss it: President Obama will deliver a statement on health care enrollment at 4:15 p.m. ET. url.
Today there are more than 7 million new reasons why health care reform matters. Thanks for fighting for url.
"In my eyes, Obamacare literally saved my life." hashtag Margaret is thankful for health care reform: url.
The name report warns about the dangers of climate change. Tell your member of Congress: Don't be a url.
FINL HOURS: It's the last call for health coverage in 2014: url hashtag.
Can't volunteer as much as you'd like? There's another way to help url.
Itos not an option anymore: Itos time to hashtag Chip in to help make a difference: url.
Don't have time to volunteer? You can still do your part. Chip in now: url.
Right now name is looking for new members for the team that will make 2014 a year to remember. re you in? url.
Some of the most important grassroots url in the country is happening right now. Do your part: url.
Play url.
Make your mark on issues you care about. Chip in: url.
Fight back against the other side's scare tactics: url.
Do your part to help keep the momentum going on issues you care about: url.
You still have a chance to hashtag Enroll now before it's too late. url.
There's still time to hashtag Check out your options and hashtag url.
Retweet so people know there's still time to hashtag and get covered before today's deadline. url.
DEDLINE: You can hashtag by getting insurance right now. url hashtag.
TODY: Your last chance to get health insurance in 2014. url hashtag.
The March 31st deadline is here, and President Obama has a message to url.
Today is the last day: Don't miss this chance. url url.
Don't miss your shot to chip in: url.
Some members of Congress still don't want to talk about climate change. Help change the conversation: url.
Donot put it off any longer: hashtag url The deadline is March 31st..
Ready to make 2014 a year of action? Say you're in: url.
Getting health insurance could be easier than you think. But don't waitienroll by March 31st. url hashtag.
Time is running out to help make a difference this quarter. Chip in and make your voice heard: url.
Still haven't bought health insurance? You only have until March 31st: url hashtag.
The other side is still spending millions to spread scare tactics. Fight back: url.
dd this one thing to your to-do list today: hashtag Enrollment ends March 31st: url.
Stand up for the issues you believe in. It's the last day to chip in before the deadline: url.
Chip in and see your name on the name Donor Wall. Don't miss it: url.
The hashtag on immigration reform? More than $10 billion: url.
Don't take the risk of getting injured without insurance: url url.
Get your name on the name Donor Wall before it's too late: url.
"This one's easy." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
Want to help spread the word about health care, but don't have time on your calendar? Chip in instead: url.
void thousands of dollars worth of medical hashtag url.
It's crunch time. Do your part to keep the momentum going on the issues that matter to you: url.
Watch: President Obama has a special message for url.
Meet Sara, an name Fellow and grassroots url url.
Congress may be stalling on immigration reform, but you can fight back: url hashtag.
Want to make sure friends and family get insurance before the deadline? Here are some tweets to help: url hashtag.
"I have to thank Obamacare for saving my life." Read these five stories about why people are getting url.
Climate change is a real and man-made problemibe a part of the solution: url hashtag.
A broken arm could cost $7,000 without insurance. Don't take that chance: url url.
Friends don't let friends miss the deadline for health insurance enrollment. Spread the word: hashtag url.
Change doesn't happen on url.
OF is building somethingiand you're going to want to be a part of it. url.
DEDLINE: Only three days left. hashtag url.
Only three days left to spread the word about health care. Can't help out on the ground? You can still chip in: url.
There are only 4 days left to tell your friends and family why they should url.
Getting the word out about the March 31st enrollment deadline is important for all kinds of url.
Even if you can't volunteer, you can still pitch in $5 to help spread the word about the health care deadline: url.
Six million mericans and counting. url.
FCT: Nearly 6 in 10 uninsured mericans could get insurance for $100 or less a month. hashtag hashtag.
Health insurance can save you thousands of dollars in medical bills. url url.
"Being sick is not doing something wrong. Everyone deserves health care." url hashtag hashtag.
Retweet to let your friends and families know: The March 31st deadline is coming. hashtag.
Help make change happenichip in $5: url.
Don't miss your chance to be a part of this: url.
"You're awesome. Live like it." Thanks for reminding us, name url.
It's the grand opening of name storeiuse the code LUNCH5 for $5 off purchases $35 or more: url.
Read this: "The ffordable Care ct Is Working" url hashtag.
You have until March 31st to enroll in affordable, quality health insurance on the new marketplace: url.
"Today, I applaud the efforts of Democrats in the House to give immigration reform the yes-or-no vote it deserves." iPresident Obama.
DEDLINE: March 31st url hashtag.
Chip in to fight the hashtag url.
You can help make a difference on the issues that matter to you: url.
You have less than a week leftitime to hashtag url hashtag.
The hashtag on immigration reform is more than $10 billion. Chip in to fight back: url.
Chip in and be part of a movement url for change: url.
When bad luck strikes... url hashtag.
Join millions who have already made their voices heard: url.
We're one week away from the final 2014 enrollment deadline for health coverage. hashtag url.
Nearly 60% of uninsured mericans could get covered for $100/month or less: url url.
Getting covered doesn't have to break your bank account. Take the hashtag and see for yourself: url.
Ready to take the hashtag url.
Help spread these stories of folks who have gotten covered for less than $100/month: url hashtag.
The hashtag on immigration reform is nearing $10 billion. Watch in real-time how much is being lost: url.
Four years url.
Hurry, the deadlineos almost here. url url.
Make sure you're covered in 2014. Check out your options today: url url.
Get in the game and help make health care reform a success: url hashtag.
President Obama in his weekly address: " woman deserves to earn equal pay for equal url.
Watch: In his weekly address, President Obama discusses how raising the minimum wage will impact merican url.
Timeos running out: Sign up by March 31st to have health coverage in 2014. url hashtag.
Lori was looking for a job for monthsithen Congress cut off her family's only lifeline: url hashtag.
sk this business owner about how the ffordable Care ct is helping his business: url hashtag.
You've got hashtag to enroll. url hashtag.
Don't snooze: The deadline is coming up. url.
The clock is tickingihave you enrolled yet? url hashtag.
"We nag you because we love you." name on why mom wants you to url.
"The deadline to get covered this year is March 31st, which is just 11 days away." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"No woman should have to put off potentially lifesaving care because money is tight." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We've got to make sure that every woman has the opportunities that she deserves. When a woman succeeds, merica succeeds." iPresident Obama.
President Obama: Today, more women are bread winners than ever before, but they are still making less than men. hashtag.
"This is a family agenda, but it starts with making sure every woman is getting a fair shot." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"When women make less than men, that hurts their families." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We're calling this a year of action ... I'm not going to wait for Congress." i President Obama.
"We've got to build an economy that works for everybody, not just for a few." i President Obama hashtag.
"You can only pick one winning teamiI have 63 colleges mad at me." i President Obama on hashtag.
LIVE: The President is speaking about improving economic opportunity for women and working families. url hashtag.
A word from name on the crazy stuff that goes down when you're young and reckless: url hashtag hashtag.
Join in todayos health care hashtag push. Get a head start: url hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on Ukraine. url.
Tomorrow, share your own hashtag "life happens" photosiand tell people to url.
lways to the point. MT name Because hashtag hashtag Deadline is url.
Baracketology: President Obama knows his hoops. url url.
This is what name is all about: url.
Don't be left relying on luckiyou have hashtag to get quality, affordable care: url.
See who President Obama thinks will cut the net this year. url hashtag.
Watch: You have a role to play this month. url hashtag.
uIt's more affordable for me and it gives me an extra $75/month that I have in my pocket.u url.
Don't let timeiand quality, affordable health insuranceipass you by. url url.
Find a plan that works for you and your budget: url hashtag.
The world's scientists are loud and cleari it's time to listen. url hashtag.
You canot be denied coverage, regardless of your past or current health. hashtag url.
This is your chance. hashtag url.
Five million (and url.
Quality health coverage can help keep you healthyiand is there for you when you're sick. url.
Help make sure folks have the information they need to get covered in 2014: url hashtag.
Time is running out to get covered this year, but you can still help spread the word: url hashtag.
It's all hands on deck before March 31st. Help finish this fight: url hashtag.
Here's an important way you can be part of the fight for health care: url hashtag.
The time left to get covered is slipping away. Don't miss out: url url.
Get tweeting: Let people know they only have hashtag to get covered in 2014. url.
Watch: Keegan found the freedom to start his own business. url hashtag hashtag.
You have hashtag to join your friends and get covered. Don't be left out: url.
Retweet to spread the word: There are only hashtag to get covered in 2014..
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on Ukraine. url.
If you were thinking about chipping in for the final health care push, now's the time: url hashtag.
DEDLINE: url hashtag.
Here's a quick way you can help out in the final push for health care: url hashtag.
Say you were a part of the final push to help mericans get covered: url hashtag.
ct fast, or you might miss this. url hashtag.
Chip in $5 to help more people get the information they need to get covered: url hashtag.
In the weekly address, President Obama talks about rewarding hard work by strengthening overtime pay url.
Don't take chances with your health. hashtag url.
This is your chance to pitch in and help make the ffordable Care ct a success: url hashtag.
Happy Pi Day. Grab a url.
These moms want you to hashtag url hashtag h/t name name name name.
Watch: name wants you to hashtag url.
Last call to hashtag in 2014. url.
You can help: url hashtag.
No one's invincibleiand name supporters are letting people know to url.
There are 18 days left for health care enrollment. Help name fight to the finish: url.
President Obama: I'm going to do what I can to raise wages for hard working mericans. hashtag.
"In merica, it doesn't matter where you startediif you're willing to work hard and act responsibly, you can get ahead."iPresident Obama.
"We've got to build an economy that works for everybody, not for a few." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Those at the top are doing better than ever, but for the average family, wages have barely budged." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Thanks to the hard working resilience of mericans ... our economy has been growing for a number of years now." iPresident Obama.
WTCH: President Obama is discussing his plan to improve overtime pay protections for merican workers. url.
Still on the fence? Check out these fifteen reasons to sign up: url hashtag.
re you invincible? Find url.
Going without health insurance is risky business. url url.
Do your part now to support the final push for health care in 2014: url.
Cindy chose to hashtag and found a plan to fit her and her family. url url.
Fifteen benefits you could be missing out on: url hashtag.
Don't miss the deadline. hashtag today: url url.
For the first time in almost four decades, Lori and her family have affordable care. url hashtag.
Enrollment ends on March 31. See how affordable health care could be for you: url hashtag.
Chip in before it's too late: url hashtag.
Bob wants you to check your options, just like he did. url url.
FCT: $100 a month for health care is now a realistic price for nearly six in 10 uninsured mericans. url hashtag.
The clock is ticking: Here are 20 reasons to hashtag before the clock hits zero. url hashtag.
Yes, you. url url.
President Obama sits down for an interview with name url hashtag.
Climate change is real. These senators are demanding action. url hashtag.
30 senators are staying hashtag with all-night speeches on the Senate floor tonight: url.
ICYMI: President Obama kicked off a new voyage on hashtag last night. url.
mericans are getting covered. New info from name "U.S. Uninsured Rate Continues to url.
Donot miss out: hashtag is in your reach. url.
DYK: The price of health insurance for almost half of uninsured, single young-adultsi$50 or less. url hashtag.
Retweet to spread the word: There are three weeks left to hashtag with hashtag Don't miss this chance..
There are only three weeks left to get hashtag in 2014. Check your options today: url.
Saving $1,200 a year is a deal anyone can get behind. url url.
You're running out of time. Get calculating and hashtag url hashtag.
Last call for health insurance that starts in 2014: url url.
$35 for health insurance fits squarely into Rosetta's budget: url.
Joshua just bought his own health insurance for the first time. Guess how little he's paying: url.
" clear majority of mericans support raising the minimum wage." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
In his weekly address, President Obama calls on Congress to listen to the merican people and raise the minimum url.
"Their actions helped set an example for a generation." iPresident Obama on the brave men and women who marched on Bloody Sunday in 1955.
"I want us to have the best educated workforce in merica, and I want it to be the most diverse workforce in the world." iPresident Obama.
President Obama: If you don't let anyone tell you something is out of your reach, not only will you be great, this country will be great..
President Obama: My budget focuses on pre-school for all, and improving high school curriculums to better prepare students for jobs..
"Nationwide over 1 million high school students did not fill out the FFS form ... fill out the form." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We need to do more to help mericans who feel trapped by student loan debt." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Today more young people are earning college degrees than ever before. That's a great thing." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The dropout rate has been dropping, and among Latino students it has been cut in half." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Retweet if you agree every child in merica should have access to a world class education. hashtag.
"Opportunity is what drew many of your parents and grandparents to merica. We've got to restore that for your generation." iPresident Obama.
"If you are responsible and put in the effort, you can succeedithere is no limit to what you can do." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Obviously I noticed she was cute, yes." iPresident Obama on meeting First Lady name.
"By working hard every single dayievery single nightiyou are making the best investment there is in your future." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about how to provide every child with a quality education: url.
President Obama is in Florida to discuss the importance of giving kids a quality education. Tune in at 2:40 p.m. ET: url.
Don't wait. Get covered. url url.
Joshua may be young, but he's not naive about getting covered: url hashtag.
Today's hashtag You won't believe how quickly some people used to hit their lifetime limits for url.
Today name volunteers are calling on Congress to give merican women a hashtag.
If you're Latino and have been going without health insurance, don't miss out: url url.
Retweet if you agree that women in merica deserve a url.
"You don't punish me by not signing up for health careiyou're punishing yourself or your family." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I am very proud of this law. It's already helping millions of people." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I've seen too many stories of people who did not have health insurance, and tragedy struck and they were unprepared." iPresident Obama.
"March 31st is the cutoff date." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"You still have a month to sign up ... It doesn't take that long." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: The vast majority of people will find a good health care option that's affordable for themimany with financial assistance..
"I don't want a young person out there to get sick ... and suddenly they're in a position to lose everything they have." iPresident Obama.
"I am the Champion in Chief for comprehensive immigration reform." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"One out of four of the uninsured are Latino." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We have 41 million people in this country who don't have health insurance." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is talking at a town hall about getting the Latino community covered. url hashtag.
If you have Latino friends and family, let them know it's time to check their health insurance options: url hashtag.
It took Tresa less than an hour to save more than $400 each month: url url.
"Let's move this country forward. Let's move it up." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"This is not about politics. It's about common sense." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
President Obama: You deserve to know where your elected officials stand. sk them: Do you support raising the minimum wage to $10.10?.
"I'd like to see them supporting a family making less than $15,000 a year." iPresident Obama to those who question raising the minimum wage.
"Nearly 3 in 4 mericansiabout half of all Republicansisupport raising the minimum wage." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"It's good for business. It's good for merica." iPresident Obama on raising the minimum wage and creating hashtag.
"Profitable companies like Costco have long seen higher wages as good business." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
Retweet if you agree: Now is the time to give merica a raise. hashtag hashtag.
President Obama: Let's make sure women get equal pay for equal work. hashtag.
"If any of you know a young person who is uninsured, help them get covered. They've got until March 31st to sign up." iPresident Obama.
"More young people are earning college degrees than ever before." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: President Obama is pressing Congress to hashtag Watch: url.
President Obama wants to give merica a raise. Watch him discuss raising the minimum wage at 2:30 p.m. ET: url.
"Today, Michelle and I join our fellow Christians in the United States and around the world in marking sh Wednesday." iPresident Obama.
The ffordable Care ct is putting money back into mericans' pockets. url via name.
This is too big to miss outijoin the millions of mericans who have already gotten covered: url hashtag.
It's hashtag Show your support and url.
You owe this to yourself: url hashtag.
Health care reform matters. Just ask Michael: url url.
LIVE: President Obama speaks about his budget for 2015 and how it works towards restoring opportunity for all. url.
You don't want to go the rest of the year without health insurance. Get covered now: url hashtag.
President Obama on hashtag Day: "Today, mericans young and old will take time to get lost in a story.".
More mericans are discovering health care at an affordable price. See for yourself: url hashtag.
Life is unpredictable. Get some peace of mind: url hashtag.
31 reasons health care reform matters: url hashtag.
Don't gamble with your health. The hashtag is today: url.
Retweet to get the word out: It's url.
Only 4 weeks left. It's hashtag url.
Now is the time. Itos hashtag url.
Want to be covered in 2014? Enroll now. url hashtag.
Michael knows that being uninsured is riskyino matter where you are in life. url.
Itos hashtag your chance to save is slipping away. Enroll now. url.
Join the millions of mericans who are covered: url hashtag.
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses new actions to attract jobs to merica: url hashtag.
"It's your imagination and your creativity and your dreams that will help this country move forward." iPresident Obama to young filmmakers.
President Obama: Thanks to innovative schools, teachers, and students like youiwe know what school might look like in the century ahead..
"Every child in merica deserves a world class education." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Watch: President Obama is speaking at the White House Student Film Festival. url.
It's time to hashtag See how affordable it could be: url.
Be at the forefront of the ffordable Care ct's url.
"For our nation, for the economy, for our people." Rock on, name url hashtag.
The ffordable Care ct needs leaders like you: url.
"We will beat the odds. We need to give every child ... the chance to reach their full potential." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Nothing will be given to you. The world is tough out there ... but I know you guys can succeed." iPresident Obama to young men of color.
"I know you can meet the challenge, many of you already are, as long as you make the effort." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"ny adult who cares can make a difference ... It doesn't take that much, but it takes more than we're doing now." iPresident Obama.
"By boosting reading levels, we can help more of our kids make the grade." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Retweet if you agree: Giving everybody the chance to succeed should not be a partisan issue. hashtag.
"We all have a job to do and we can do it together. Black and white. Urban and rural. Democrat and Republican." iPresident Obama.
"Nothing keeps a child out of trouble like a father who plays an active role in his child's life." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Government cannot play the only, or even the primary role." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: When generation after generation of minority children suffer, our country suffers. hashtag.
"t a time when the economy is growing, we've got to make sure that every merican shares in that growth, not just a few." iPresident Obama.
"They never gave up on me, and so I didn't give up on myself." iPresident Obama on his support system growing up hashtag.
President Obama: I can see myself in these young men...the only difference is I grew up in an environment that was a little more url.
LIVE: President Obama is announcing a new initiative called "My Brother's Keeper" for young men of color. Watch here: url.
The President is launching a new initiative called "My Brother's Keeper." Watch the announcement at 3:25 p.m. ET: url.
Getting covered has never been more affordable. See for yourself: url.
Carla's favorite part about the ffordable Care ct: Her daughter is covered. url url.
Big news: We're making big url.
President Obama's review of Minnesota's new light-rail line: url.
"While Congress is deciding what it's going to do next, I'm just going to go ahead and do what I can to create more jobs." iPresident Obama.
"Rebuilding our infrastructure is vital for business." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Retweet if you agree that merica should have the best airports, the best roads, and the best trains in the world..
"I'm here to launch a new competition for 21st century infrastructure and the jobs that come with it." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Your state legislature is poised to raise the minimum wage this year." iPresident Obama to Minnesotans.
"We've got to restore opportunity for everyone." iPresident Obama hashtag.
WTCH: The President is in St. Paul encouraging job creation and infrastructure restoration. url.
This is a year of action: The President is focusing on jobs and infrastructure. Watch him live at 2:05 p.m. CT: url.
t $175 a month, Keegan is pretty happy with his coverage: url url.
Be a leader on heath care url.
"Progress is hard, but progress is possible because of youiand that's why I couldn't be prouder." iPresident Obama to name hashtag.
"March 31st, that's the last call. If they want health insurance now, they need to sign up." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We now have 4 million mericans who have signed up for quality private health insurance through the marketplace." iPresident Obama.
"I could not be prouder of the work you've done to help merica get covered." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Retweet if you're part of the 3/4 of mericans who support raising the minimum wage. hashtag.
"If you want a contract with the federal government, you've got to pay your workers $10.10 an hour." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This is going to be a year of action, so I'm not going to wait." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"There is no country that is better positioned to take advantage of the future better than us." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama on name and grassroots url "That's how this country continues to evolve, so it's a little bit fairer." hashtag.
"Hello OF!" iPresident Obama at the hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at name hashtag in D.C. Watch: url.
"Health care reform isn't just about saving lives. It's also about living and living well." iJoshua Crutchfield at the hashtag.
"Millions of mericans now have the peace of mind that comes with health coverage." name at the hashtag.
"For many people it is the difference between life and death." name on health care reform at the hashtag.
"You have returned political power to where it belongsithe merican people." i name at the hashtag.
"Let everybody out there know: It's the last call. It's time to get covered." name Executive Director Jon Carson at the hashtag.
"We had over 4,000 people apply to be part of the OF Fellows program." name Executive Director Jon Carson at the hashtag.
"It's the last call." name Executive Director Jon Carson on the push to help mericans get covered hashtag.
"Fired up?" name Chair Jim Messina at the hashtag.
Keep up with the action at name hashtag in D.C. url.
"We'll make sure that opportunity for all is something that was made in the US." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: I don't want the next big job-creating discovery to come from Germany, China or Japan. I want it to be made in merica..
"Today we're announcing the next two advanced manufacturing hubs." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We've got to build an economy that works for everyone, not just for a fortunate few." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This is a moment when our economy is growing ... Our businesses have created about 8.5M new jobs over the past 4 years." iPresident Obama.
"Today, I am joined by researchers who invent some of the most advanced metals on the planet." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: President Obama is announcing a new plan to boost job growth for middle-class mericans. url.
Watch the President announce new steps to attract high-quality, middle-class jobs at 3:05 p.m. ET: url.
Julie is saving $1,000 a month on health insurance. Seriously. url hashtag.
Watch name Biden on name debut show url.
re you passionate about seeing the ffordable Care ct succeed? Join this url.
Get to know name better: Here are 13 things volunteers did over the past url.
The marketplace gave Claire options she didnot know were possibleiand savings of more than $600 a month: url hashtag.
"For the first time last year ... world investors now see merica as the number one place to do business." iPresident Obama.
"This has to be a year of action. I'm eager to work with Congress wherever I can." iPresident Obama.
President Obama: We're at a moment when our economy is growing, but trends that have battered the middle class still have to be addressed..
WTCH: President Obama and name Biden are delivering remarks to the name Tune in: url.
WTCH: The President has a special message for you. url hashtag.
"Restoring the idea of opportunity for all requires a year of action from all of us." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
Watch: In his weekly address, President Obama calls on Congress to give merica a url.
Pass it on: url hashtag.
The ffordable Care ct is working. Join the team that's letting people know: url.
Watch: Rosetta's getting a good deal on her health coverage. url hashtag.
Be prepared name can hold her url.
Super lovable. url.
Today's hashtag Remember when too few health care plans included maternity url.
Help tell the story of how the ffordable Care ct is working for mericans: url.
More than $200 a month in savings: hashtag the ffordable Care ct matters to Jake. url.
Retweet if you're ready for Congress to accept the science and hashtag.
Health insurance could be more affordable than you think: url.
Let's get it done. url.
"In my eyes, Obamacare literally saved my life." Meet Margaret: url url.
Retweet if you believe merica deserves a raise. hashtag.
mee needs Congress to act on unemployment insuranceiand she's not the only one. url hashtag.
Join name volunteers who are calling on Congress to hashtag url.
No one who works full time in merica should have to raise a family in poverty. Tell Congress to url.
This team is helping make sure the new health care law is a success. re you in? url.
Face url.
ffordability and guaranteed coverage: hashtag Eileen likes health care reform. url.
"If we keep going down this road, then we're going to have a future full of good-paying jobs." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Improving gas mileage for these trucks is going to drive down our oil imports even further." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The merican car industry sold more cars last year than any time since 2007." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We're going to double the distance our cars and light trucks can go on a gallon of gas by 2025." iPresident Obama.
"For decades the fuel efficiency standards of our cars and trucks were stuck in neutral." iPresident Obama.
"Opportunity for all. That's the essence of merica." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: President Obama is announcing new measures to combat climate change and reduce pollution. url.
dd your name to support improving our economy and creating hundreds of thousands of jobs: url.
What have you heard about health care reform? Take this quick url.
"The science of climate change is leaping out at us like a scene from a 3D movie ... itos compelling us to act." iSecretary name.
Every child should have the chance to fulfill their potential. url.
In the weekly address, President Obama lays out his plan to give merica a raise. Watch: url hashtag.
Follow name today to see volunteers across the country showing their members of Congress the hashtag on immigration reform..
Explore the new health care optionsiyour wallet may thank you: url url.
Survey: name volunteers are helping get the facts out on getting covered. What questions do you or your friends have? url.
If you hashtag today, you could see some serious savings: url.
Volunteers from name are dedicated to helping folks hashtag Help them by answering a few questions: url.
Health insurance is a few clicks away: url url.
"This is something that I'm very committed to. We're going to make sure to get it done, working together." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We know that we can innovate and meet this challenge. But we've got to start now. We can't wait." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This cannot be a partisan endeavor ... There has to be a sense of urgency about this." iPresident Obama.
"Part of the climate action plan that I put forward last summer is designed to protect critical sectors of our economy." iPresident Obama.
"One thing that is undeniable is that changing temperatures influence drought." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"What happens here matters to every working merican, right down to the food that you put on your table." iPresident Obama.
"California is living through some of its driest years in a century." iPresident Obama.
WTCH: President Obama is speaking in Fresno, California, to discuss efforts to respond to the severe drought. url.
We want to hear what you're hearing about the new health care law. Take this quick survey: url.
For Valentine's Day: "Man with a new, healthy heart says Obamacare saved his life" url hashtag.
This is a health care love story: How newlyweds manda and Solomon got covered. url url.
ffordable health insurance plans are just a click away: url.
"It isnot a Democrat or Republican issue ... Itos a health care issue." Support for health care reform is bipartisan: url.
Make sure you're covered to start March: url url.
Here's the truth: name is still the best url.
"When women succeed, merica succeeds." iPresident Obama.
"There's too much to do, and merica does not believe in standing still." iPresident Obama.
"The single most important thing that we have to do ... is make sure that there is opportunity for every single person." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the House Democratic Issues Conference. Tune in: url.
Some fun for your Valentine's Day: name hashtag url.
Tomorrow: name No spoilers, please..
Before the ffordable Care ct, access to health care could be a gamble: url hashtag.
The March 1st deadline is approaching. hashtag today: url.
"3.3 Million Signed Up for Obamacare, Young People Surge" More from name url.
Cherlene's pre-existing condition meant her old health premium was $600 a month. Now, it's less than $100: url hashtag.
It's time to get shopping: url.
The deadline to enter is today. This is your chance: url.
Happy birthday, url.
Today is the last day to enter. url.
Congress is hurting job-seekers and their families. These are their stories: url hashtag.
Opportunity knocks. It's the last day to enter for a chance to meet the url.
Could you live on the current minimum wage? Find out: url hashtag.
"Let's give mericans a raise right nowiI'm going to sign this." iPresident Obama on executive action to hashtag for federal workers.
"sk your representative in Congress: Do you support raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour?" iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Not only is it good for the economy, it's the right thing to do." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Raising the minimum wage is good for business. It's good for workers. It's good for the economy." iPresident Obama.
"Fair wages and higher profits go hand in hand." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"In the year since I first asked Congress to raise the minimum wage, six states have gone ahead and raised theirs." iPresident Obama.
"Nobody who works full time should have to live in poverty. Nobody. Not here in merica." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We've got to build an economy that works for everybody." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I said this year would be a year of action. nd I meant it." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: The President is speaking on the importance of raising the federal minimum wage for all workers: url hashtag.
This is a big deal: Today, President Obama will raise the minimum wage to $10.10 for workers under federal contracts. url.
Watch the President discuss the need to hashtag for all workers at 2:00 p.m. ET: url.
It's here: Your chance at a free trip to D.C. to meet the President backstage. url.
Do your part for a chance to meet the url.
They met the President. So could you. url.
For Holly, the relief of knowing she's covered is priceless: url url.
Ever dreamed of meeting President Obama? This is what it's like in real life: url.
Questions about the new health care options? Sign up and see how much you could save: url.
Spread the word for a chance to meet the President. url url.
Don't miss out. You could meet the url.
Retweet to let people know: It's time to url.
President Obama is asking for your help to hashtag re you url.
Don't miss out: url.
This is your chance. url.
Eva found her golden ticket: url url.
Congratulations on leading the way, name That's real sportsmanship..
Can you keep a secret? This could be your chance to meet the President. url.
Pass it on. url.
Have you heard? Say you'll help out in the final health care push, and you could meet the President. url.
Get ready: url.
A warm welcome to the 1,751 new hashtag Thanks for joining the fight to make change happen..
This could be you. Make the pledge today for a chance to meet the President. url.
Read six economic benefits of the ffordable Care url.
re you in? url.
Say you'll help in the final push for health care and you'll be entered for a chance to meet the President. url.
Have you heard? url.
"Weove got to build an economy that works for everyone, not just a fortunate few." iPresident url.
Watch the weekly address on expanding opportunity for url.
Go Team US. hashtag.
ICYMI: Yesterday, Republican senators refused to hashtag How long will merican families be left out in the url.
LIVE: President Obama speaks about the bipartisan griculture ct of 2014 at name url.
Don't miss this. url.
Sign up and say you'll help out in the final push for health careifor a chance to meet the url.
Watch: manda and Solomon went for years without coverage, but now they can afford insurance. url hashtag.
Brush up on your small talk: Make the pledge to be entered for a chance to meet the President. url.
Today 39 Senate Republicans left 1.7 million job-seekers and their families hashtag by not renewing unemployment insurance..
No longer is "being too small" grounds for denying a child health insurance: url hashtag.
Patti is saving $100 a month on health insurance thanks to the ffordable Care ct. url.
Congress: More than a million mericans are still without unemployment insurance. Do the right thing and url.
Enroll in a health plan by February 15th and be covered on March 1st. url.
Congress left Lori hashtag with no unemployment insurance: "This isn't a game." Read more: url hashtag.
If you pledge to help with the final push for health care enrollment, you could meet the President backstage in D.C.: url.
Join the team that cares about getting merica url.
Tell a friend, tell a family member, tell a neighbor: hashtag url.
It's time for Congress to hashtag Take a stand: url.
For Jarred, a small business owner, affordable health care means better coverage and real savings: url.
225 years ago today: url Washington was elected to be the first president of the United url.
Unemployment insurance makes a big difference to mericans like Erin. Read her story and tell Congress to url.
Taking a stand against gun violence matters to Gilbert and his url.
Tell Congress to stop withholding an economic lifeline from job seekers. hashtag url.
Luis was anxious about medical bills before. Not anymore. url url.
"We can make this happen. Just imagine what it will mean for our country if we do." iPresident Obama on putting Wi-Fi in schools hashtag.
"sk yourself what you can do to help us connect our students to the 21st century." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The entire economy will be lifted if more of our young people are doing better." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"In a country where we expect free Wi-Fi with our coffee, we should definitely demand it in our schools." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"In this year of action, we're going to work with states and communities to make high quality pre-K available." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We still have more work to do to reach more kids, and reach them faster." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: Each generation has to work hard to make sure the merican Dream stays alive for the next generation. hashtag.
"I'm only standing here today because my education gave me a chance." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: The President is detailing ways to give students more access to the latest technologies. url.
President Obama will speak about expanding access to wireless technology for students at 11:30 a.m. ET: url.
For some, it's still harder than it should be to support a family in merica. Tell Congress to hashtag url.
"Let's make this a year of action." Read President Obama's note to name url.
"Saving a fortune on health coverage is going to make a huge difference in what I do." Read John's url.
Watch: President Obama is urging Congress to give merica a raise. url hashtag.
Make a healthy choiceienroll in a new health care plan today: url.
Broncos or url.
Bo and Sunny help train the hashtag athletes at 3:00 pm ET. hashtag (h/t name.
hashtag says there's more winter aheadimake sure you get covered: url hashtag.
Watch President Obama's weekly address on four key ideas for restoring url.
Virginia may be the next state in the march toward marriage equality. Here's how: url hashtag.
"It's time to restore opportunity for all people." iPresident Obama in the weekly url.
re you this excited for the hashtag url url.
Here's what health insurance means to this 20-something: url.
Congress's inaction on unemployment insurance has affected millions. If you're one of them, tell your story: url hashtag.
"You never know who is going to have the next great idea to grow your business." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: Unemployment insurance provides security so that losing your job doesn't cost you everything you've worked for. hashtag.
"Getting people back on the job faster is one of our top priorities." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We've got a whole lot of infrastructure we could build that would put people to work right away." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We've got to do more to restore opportunity for every merican." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about new efforts to help the long-term unemployed. url.
Want to hang out with the President online at 1:00 p.m. url.
Thank you name for 40 years of excellent public service and leadership in the push to hashtag.
Tonight name volunteers are making calls to build support for immigration reform, and to show their representatives the hashtag.
"Investment in our childreninothing is more important." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"If every child is successful ... then the merica my child grows up in will be more successful." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The idea is simple but powerful: Young people are going to do better when they are excited about learning." iPresident Obama.
"I'd like to see them act more boldly than they are." iPresident Obama re: Congress and hashtag.
"There's no child that we should let slip simply because of politics or because adults can't get their act together." iPresident Obama.
"Now we've got more young people graduating from college than ever before." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Your ticket is an education." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I wanted to come here today because I've heard great things about this high school and all of you." iPresident Obama in Nashville.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at McGavock High School in Nashville, TN. Tune in: url.
You probably haven't heard a health care story like url.
"If we come together ... I am confident we will succeed." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
Retweet if you agree: Women deserve equal pay for equal work. hashtag hashtag.
President Obama: I'm going to call on merican companies all over the country to set up more apprenticeship programs. hashtag.
"We're here because you're doing really good stuff that everyone else needs to pay attention to." iPresident Obama to name.
"I want to work with them, but I can't wait for them." iPresident Obama says Congress must act to hashtag hashtag.
"Even though the economy has been growing ... most folks' wages haven't gone up in over a decade." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I've always appreciated the hospitality that Packers Country gives a Bears fan." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"It's good to be in Wisconsin." iPresident Obama hashtag.
WTCH: The President is speaking at name in Waukesha, Wisconsin. url.
Before the ffordable Care ct, the reasons for denying health coverage were pretty surprising: url hashtag.
Happy birthday to the amazing name url.
If name worked today, she still wouldn't make as much as her male coworkers. url.
"s mericans, we believe that everyone who works hard deserves a chance at opportunity." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I want more people to have the chance to save for retirement through their hard work." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"We need to give every merican automatic access to an IR." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"If you've worked hard all your life, you deserve a secure retirement." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We are going to get all of merica covered." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We've got to give every woman the opportunity she deserves." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"Opportunity is what merica is all about." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Business leaders are starting to realize that China's no longer the best place to invest and create jobsimerica is." iPresident Obama.
"Our unemployment rate is the lowest it's been in five years." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Happening now: The President is in West Mifflin, Pennsylvania, to discuss ways to help mericans save for retirement. url.
It's hashtag questions to name staff and administration: url (h/t The West Wing).
Retweet if you agree: If you put in a hard day's work, you deserve a fair paycheck for it. hashtag hashtag.
"If you work hard, you should be able to pay your rent, buy your groceries, look after your kids." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Today the federal minimum wage doesn't even go as far as it did back in the 1950s." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"I believe it's time to give merica a raise." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Watch LIVE: President Obama is in Landham, MD, to talk about the importance of raising the minimum wage. url.
Help make 2014 a year of action: url hashtag.
Retweet if you believe in hashtag url.
"I know it's within our reach. Believe it." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"Sergeant First Class Cory Remsburg never gives up, and he does not quit." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Weoll keep working to help all our veterans translate their skills and leadership into jobs here at home." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Tell your friends, family, and neighbors: hashtag url.
"Few mericans give more to their country than our diplomats and the men and women of the United States rmed Forces." iPresident Obama.
"Citizenship means standing up for the lives that gun violence steals from us each day." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Citizenship means standing up for everyoneos right to vote." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Join name volunteers and make sure mericans have the information they need to hashtag url hashtag.
"More than three million mericans under age 26 have gained coverage under their parentso plans." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Give merica a raise." iPresident Obama to Congress hashtag hashtag.
"It's good for the economy. It's good for merica." iPresident Obama on raising the minimum wage hashtag.
"I believe when women succeed, merica succeeds." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"Women deserve equal pay for equal work." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"Michelle and I want every child to have the same chance this country gave us." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"One of the best investments we can make in a childos life is high-quality early education." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: We have to prepare tomorrowos workforce by guaranteeing every child access to a world-class education. hashtag.
"This Congress needs to restore the unemployment insurance you just let expire for 1.6 million people." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
It's time for Congress to hashtag dd your name: url url.
"Letos get immigration reform done this year. Let's get it done. It's time." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"The debate is settled. Climate change is a fact." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"Every four minutes, another merican home or business goes solar." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
"Letos do more to help the entrepreneurs and small business owners who create most new jobs in merica." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Over half of big manufacturers say theyore thinking of insourcing jobs from abroad." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Opportunity is who we are. nd the defining project of our generation must be to restore that promise." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"merica does not stand stilliand neither will I." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The budget compromise should leave us freer to focus on creating new jobs, not creating new crises." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Letos make this a year of action." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"s President, Iom committed to making Washington work better." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The question for everyone in this chamber ... is whether we are going to help or hinder this progress." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I believe this can be a breakthrough year for merica." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"It is you, our citizens, who make the state of our union strong." iPresident Obama hashtag.
It's on: Watch the 2014 State of the Union address. url hashtag.
lmost here: The 2014 State of the Union address starts soon. url hashtag.
Get fired up: The President working on this year's hashtag url.
Here's President Obama and his staff in 2013 discussing the url.
lways preparing: President Obama reads a draft of the hashtag in url.
Throwback to 2011: The President works on his second hashtag url.
A look back: President Obama preparing for his first State of the Union in 2010. url.
Ned is grateful. Read why: url.
One-question survey: Tell name what you're hoping the President addresses during the hashtag url.
"For reminding us where we come from and showing us where we need to go, we will always be grateful to Pete Seeger." iPresident Obama.
President Obama will deliver his fifth State of the Union today. Tune in at 9:00 p.m. ET: url.
Quick question: name wants to know what you're looking forward to hearing at the hashtag url.
"I want every young man in merica to know that real men donot hurt women." iPresident Obama.
Take this quick, one question survey: Tell name what you're excited to hear in the hashtag url.
Watch the hashtag with your community: RSVP for a watch party. url.
Thanks to the ffordable Care ct, Jane is now paying $104 a month less on health care. Read more url.
Holly survived cancer. Now she's covered. hashtag health care reform url.
Tomorrow President Obama will deliver his fifth State of the Union. Tune in at 9:00 p.m. ET. url hashtag.
Retweet if you have a story like my's. url.
Don't miss this chance: Tell name what you're looking forward to hearing during the hashtag url.
What are you most excited to hear the President discuss on Tuesday? Share with name url url.
"Sexual assault is an affront to our basic decency and humanity." iPresident url.
Watch President Obama's weekly address on taking action to end sexual url.
President Obama will deliver the State of the Union on Tuesday night. What are you excited to hear? url hashtag.
Climate change is threatening the bottom line of merican businesses. Here's what they're doing about url.
Share your story if Congress has kept you hashtag by refusing to extend unemployment insurance: url hashtag.
The number of people who hashtag is growing. re you one of url.
Tell name What issues do you want to hear about on Tuesday during the State of the Union? url hashtag.
There are currently hashtag merican job seekers without unemployment insurance. This must end now: url hashtag.
How much longer will 1.6 million merican job seekers go without unemployment insurance? url.
fter facing a six-month lapse in health care, my will never be without coverage again: url.
More than one million job-seekers have lost an economic lifeline. If you are one of them, share your story: url hashtag.
Five reasons mericans are better off because of the ffordable Care ct: url hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama speaks to name at the hashtag conference. url.
"It is up to all of us to ensure victims of sexual violence are not left to face these trials alone."iPresident url.
Yesterday President Obama launched a White House task force to address sexual assault on college campuses. url.
This is why Virginia is celebrating: url.
ICYMI: Watch name send birthday wishes to url.
Remember when insurance companies denied people for completely random reasons? url url.
"You can judge a nation, and how successful it will be, based on how it treats its women and its girls." iPresident Obama.
It's time to recommit to protecting women's access to safe, legal reproductive url.
Despite attempts to chip away at Roe v. Wade, the decision marks a historic victory for women's health. hashtag hashtag.
This is cause for celebration: url.
"Every woman should be able to make her own choices about her body and her health." iPresident Obama on the 41st anniversary of Roe v. Wade.
Disclaimer: name has only played fake doctors on TVibut he still knows the importance of affordable health url.
A majority of mericans in every single congressional district support hashtag protections for LGBT url.
"Young mericans finally have better access to quality, affordable health care." Read more from name url.
How long will Congress keep more than a million merican job seekers hashtag It's time to url.
nother reason to love name Dunking on name url hashtag.
For Renee, this was a life saver: url.
ICYMI: The first family honored hashtag by volunteering at the DC Central Kitchen url.
Show your support for giving 17 million women a raise: url url.
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." iMartin Luther King, Jr..
It's National Popcorn Day. What's your favorite url.
Mark was 25 when he became a victim of gun violence. This is his url.
Check it out: On its one-year anniversary, name joined Facebook. Go say hi. url.
"I firmly believe that this can be a breakthrough year for merica." iPresident url.
Watch President Obama's weekly address on making merica home to more high-tech url.
On hashtag name volunteers will donate their time to serve their communities. Join url.
One year ago today, name was foundediand volunteers are still going strong, url for the issues that matter most. hashtag.
n average donation of $37 with more than 400,000 donorsithis is a real grassroots movement: url hashtag.
This is what a real grassroots movement looks like: url hashtag.
WTCH: Thanks to the ffordable Care ct, Renee will no longer be denied coverage. url hashtag.
See name list of representatives that need to hashtag now: url.
Happy birthday, name Thank you for all that you url.
WTCH: President Obama is speaking about U.S. intelligence gathering programs. url.
Retweet to tell a friend: hashtag.
For many mericans, the ffordable Care ct means getting health insurance for the first time. Listen up: url h/t name.
The First Lady's birthday is tomorrow. Sign name card and wish her a happy birthday: url.
Before the ffordable Care ct, infants with pre-existing conditions could be denied health care coverage: url hashtag.
Signing up for health care took Patti five minutesiit also saved her $100 a month: url url.
"It doesn't matter where you start, it matters where you end up." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"If we as a nation can expand opportunity ... it could have a transformative effect." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We were able to double the amount of grant aid money that goes to students." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The dropout rate among Hispanic students has been cut in half over the last decade." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We've set a goal of training 100,000 new math and science teachers over the next 10 years." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We want to make sure more young people have the chance to earn a higher education." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: The President and the First Lady are talking about the importance of expanding college opportunity. url.
Tune in at 11:20 a.m. ET to watch the President and the First Lady speak about expanding college opportunity: url.
Coat, check. Hat, check. Gloves, check. One more way to hashtag today: url.
Enroll in a health plan today and be covered on February 1st: url.
Today is the day: Enroll in a health plan for coverage that kicks in on February 1st. url.
Time's running out: Enroll today and be covered on February 1st. url.
Use this calculator to find out if you're eligible for financial assistance to help pay for health url.
"When times get tough, we don't give up. We get up." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The next generation of manufacturing will be an merican revolution." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Congress should do the right thing and restore this economic lifeline for millions of mericans." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Our businesses have now created more than 8 million new jobs."iPresident Obama.
"When I took office, we decided to focus on the business of rebuilding our economy." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: The President is speaking about strengthening the manufacturing sector. url hashtag.
Watch President Obama at 1:05 p.m. ET announce new steps to boost manufacturing jobs: url.
Get shopping. url.
Don't miss the deadline: Be covered with health insurance on February 1st. url.
It's been more than two weeks since Congress let unemployment insurance expire. The time to hashtag is url.
1.4 million and counting: It is unacceptable for Congress to leave this many job seekers without a lifeline. It's time to hashtag.
ll over the country, enrollment is url.
This calculator will help estimate how much health insurance will cost you on the new marketplace: url.
Time is running outienroll in a new health care plan now to be covered on February 1st: url.
Big hashtag url.
House leadership has failed to act on hashtag name volunteers are showing them the cost of inaction. Watch: url.
Share this with anyone thinking about buying health insurance on the new marketplace: a quick cost estimator. url.
"In a 21st century economy, we will make sure that as merica grows stronger, this recovery leaves no one behind." iPresident Obama.
Be safe and be healthy in 2014isign up for insurance today and be covered on February 1st: url.
Stay safe this winterienroll in a health plan by January 15th and you'll be covered on February 1st. url.
Emergency room visits won't break your bank accountithey're now covered in all insurance plans. Check it out: url.
Continued congressional inaction is leaving more and more job seekers hashtag.
When you hashtag mammograms and contraception cost $0. Check it out: url.
"This will be a year of action." iPresident url.
Watch President Obama's weekly address on why it's important that Congress act on unemployment url.
From name Read the stories of mericans who have lost unemployment benefits. url hashtag.
A good reason to look into your health insurance options: You might get financial url.
It's not too lateifind out how to be covered on February 1st: url.
Want to make a url.
Six million mericans have gotten covered. Have you? url.
FCT: Lifetime limits on health care spending are gone, thanks to the ffordable Care url.
In merica, helping those who have fallen on tough times isn't a tough call. url hashtag.
"I want more kids to have the chance this country gave me." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We will help them succeed, not with a handout, but as partners, every step of the way." iPresident Obama hashtag.
" child's course in life should be determined not by the ZIP code she's born in, but by the strength of her work ethic." iPresident Obama.
"When government and businesses and not-for-profits work together, we can make a difference." iPresident Obama.
"It has made us a better country and a stronger country." iPresident Obama on the war on poverty.
"I don't care if ideas are Democrat or Republican. I do care that they work." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We've got to keep our economy growing, and we've got to make sure that everyone is sharing in that growth." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: President Obama is announcing a new program to help communities hit hardest by the recession. url.
The President will announce a program for communities and businesses partnering to create jobs at 2:20 p.m ET: url.
Before the ffordable Care ct, lifetime spending limits would prevent people from getting coverage: url hashtag.
Tell Congress to do right by the merican worker. url hashtag.
You can be covered with health insurance by February 1st, just in time for the Big Game. Find out how: url.
Bundling up this week? Don't url to hashtag with health insurance. Sign up for coverage that starts Feb. 1st: url.
Resolved to live healthier? Sign up for health care by January 15th to be enrolled on February 1st: url.
Millions of job seekers are now without a vital lifeline. Congress must hashtag and make this url.
Congress cannot leave job seekers hashtag Tell them to extend unemployment insurance url.
Enroll today and health insurance is yours on February 1st: url.
"Michelle and I wish Coptic Orthodox Christians in the United States and around the world a joyous Christmas." iPresident Obama.
"Officials: Slower health spending growth may boost jobs." More from url.
Have you heard? pplying for health insurance by January 15th means you're covered on February 1st: url.
Restoring unemployment insurance must be the top priority for Congress: url url.
Job seekers don't deserve to be left hashtag Tell Congress to url.
Retweet if you think job seekers should not be left hashtag Congress should renew unemployment insurance today..
Tell Congress: Don't leave job seekers hashtag Extend unemployment insurance today. url.
"Let's get to work. Let's get this done." President Obama hashtag.
"I can't name a time when I met an merican who would rather have an unemployment check than the pride of having a job." iPresident Obama.
"This is not an abstraction. These are not statistics. These are your friends, your neighbors, your family members." iPresident Obama.
"When times get tough, we are not a people who say, 'You're on your own.'" iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We've got a problemiand it's one that can be fixed." iPresident Obama on unemployment insurance hashtag.
"We've got to make sure this recovery leaves nobody behind." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama on why Congress should renew unemployment insurance. url hashtag.
Tell Congress to keep the faith with job seekers and hashtag now. url.
Watch at 11:40 a.m. ET: President Obama calls for extending unemployment insurance: url hashtag.
There's a new deadline to hashtag Enroll before January 15th and be covered starting February 1st: url.
hashtag Take note of today's hashtag url.
Be covered starting February 1stiapply before January 15th: url.
Today is a great day to hashtag Enroll now: url.
The deadline to enroll in a health plan that kicks in on February 1st is January 15th. Get shopping: url.
url.
Get covered on February 1st: url.
"We donot abandon our fellow mericans when times get toughiwe keep the faith with them until they start that new job." iPresident Obama.
In the weekly address, President Obama calls on Congress to make extending unemployment insurance their top url.
Howard's employees and business are seeing big savings. hashtag the ffordable Care ct is important to url.
The next deadline to get covered is January 15th. Find out more: url.
hashtag health reform matters to Lori: url.
Now, Ray is covered. Used to be, he had to stretch his leukemia medicine in case he became uninsured. url hashtag hashtag.
Lois now pays $320 a month for health insuranceibefore health reform, it was $680. url hashtag hashtag.
Pregnancy, asthma, even bunions used to be "pre-existing conditions." hashtag health reform is important: url hashtag.
Luis can tell people he's going to the doctor again. hashtag url.
Rosetta from Missouri is covered. hashtag url.
hashtag Virginia can go to the doctor again: url.
See stories of people who just got covered in the new year: url.
This is why the ffordable Care ct matters. Watch: url.
When the clock strikes midnight, our nation turns a corner on health careiand we're not going back. hashtag.
Time is running outiadd your name to the name donor wall today: url.
ENDS TODY: Win a free trip to name birthday party in Washington, D.C.ienter automatically. url.
Want to see your name on url url.
Deal expires at midnight: Become an name founding member and be automatically entered for a free trip to D.C. url.
Chip in $5 now and help move this country forward: url.
These are the names of people building this movement from the ground up. re you in? url.
Where will you stand in 2014? Say you're in: url.
Believe hashtag Support an url fighting for equality: url.
Become an name founding member today, and you'll be automatically entered to win a free trip to Washington, D.C.: url.
Comprehensive hashtag reform can be a reality in 2014. Chip in, and help make it happen: url.
See your name here: url.
OF has a birthday coming upiyou could win a spot to join the party in D.C. Donate to be automatically entered: url.
Make a donation to name today and you'll be automatically entered for a free trip to Washington, D.C.: url.
2013 was a great year for LGBT rightsibut there is still work to do. Join the fight: url.
In 2014, we need our lawmakers to take hashtag change seriously. Support an url holding them accountable: url.
If you believe in affordable health care, keep up the fight in 2014: url.
You still have timeichip in, and add your name to the name donor wall: url.
If you care about comprehensive hashtag reform, support a grassroots movement fighting to make it happen: url.
Give $5, and say you were a part of this in 2013: url.
Don't leave your name off: url.
OF is being built by people like you. Say you're inichip in $5. url.
In 2013 our economy grew, and our deficit shrunk. Take a look back at the year in review: url.
Ever wonder what being an name founding member feels like? Give $5 or more and find out: url.
"Simply put, it's a life saver for me and my business." Read Ned's hashtag url.
"Michelle and I extend our best wishes to all those celebrating Kwanzaa this holiday season." iPresident Obama.
Time's almost up to become an name 2013 Founding Member: url.
Before the ffordable Care ct, being a woman could have led to 50% higher health care premiums: url hashtag.
Don't let the year end without taking part in this fight for change. Become an name 2013 Founding Member: url.
This Texan can now tell people "for the first time I'm going to the doctor." Read his story: url hashtag.
You own this movement. Chip in: url.
Merry url.
Watch the President and First Lady's seasonal address: "We wish you all a blessed and safe holiday url.
From this family to yours, have a peaceful Christmas url.
Don't miss out: Enroll today. url hashtag.
pply, shop, buy: Learn how to url.
If you enroll today, health insurance can be yours on January 1st. url.
Have you enrolled yet? url.
Don't miss the deadline: Sign up for health insurance SP. url.
Your health insurance costs might be lower than you think. Get a quick estimate: url.
hashtag today and be covered on January 1st: url.
You can be covered on January 1stithe deadline to enroll is just around the corner: url.
Time to get shopping for health insurance that starts on January 1st: url.
Christmas is coming. Make sure this happens too: url.
"This week, Congress finished up some important work before heading home for the holidays." iPresident url.
In his weekly address, President Obama urges Congress to work to extend emergency unemployment url.
"93 percent of hospital executives think Obamacare will make health care better." More from url.
"2014 can be a breakthrough year for merica." iPresident Obama.
Big news: The U.S. economy grew at a rate higher than expected in the third url.
December 23rd is just around the corner. Find out why that's important: url hashtag.
Want to help move the country forward? You might be interested in url.
Before hashtag health insurance was something that could max out: url hashtag.
Worth a read: name on the importance of the ffordable Care url.
In Florida, business owners and the self-employed are seeing big savings thanks to the ffordable Care url.
Do you know what the hashtag of the ffordable Care ct in your state would be? Find out here: url.
FCT: The hashtag would mean going back to when 129,000,000 mericans with pre-existing conditions could be denied health insurance..
The hashtag of the ffordable Care ct would be steep. url.
Repealing the ffordable Care ct means stripping protections from families. This is the hashtag url.
Big news: California is averaging 15,000 signups in the marketplace per day. More from url.
"I thank Democratic and Republican leaders from the House and Senate who have worked hard to get this budget done." iPresident Obama.
Be covered on January 1stienroll in a new health plan by hashtag url.
This is important: For new health plans that start January 1st, enrollment has to happen by hashtag Spread the word: url.
Only a few days left to be covered on Jan. 1st. Get affordable health insuranceiapply by hashtag url.
Retweet to spread the word about hashtag deadline to enroll for coverage that starts January 1st..
The deadline to enroll for quality, affordable insurance that starts on January 1st is hashtag Get covered. url.
Spread the word: It's almost hashtag Tell your friends and family to enroll now to be covered on January 1st. url.
Spread the word: The deadline to be covered on January 1st is hashtag Get started: url.
Help name spread the word on Twitter about the December 23rd deadline to enroll for health url.
Join today's name Thunderclap to spread the word: The deadline to be covered on January 1st is coming up. url.
FCT: The ffordable Care ct allows young adults to stay on their parents' insurance until they are 26 years url.
The deadline to enroll to be covered on January 1st is right around the corner. Help name spread the word on Twitter: url.
Start the new year right: Enroll in health insurance before December 23rd to be covered on January 1st. url.
How do you plan to spend the cold days of December? url url.
November 2013 was officially the planet's warmest November on record. url hashtag.
These representatives must make immigration a priority in 2014: url url.
FCT: The ffordable Care ct has saved seniors billions on prescription drug url.
Want to be covered on January 1st? Don't miss the December 23rd deadline for enrolling in health insurance: url.
fter an incredible first year, help name kick off 2014: url.
Christmas is around the corneritime to hashtag with your family: url.
It's that time of year. url.
Here's a deadline you don't want to miss: Enroll by Dec. 23rd for health care coverage starting Jan. 1st. url.
Last week volunteers delivered thousands of messages of solidarity from name supporters nationwide to url.
Thanks to the ffordable Care ct, 80% of your health care premiums must be spent on health url.
Jingle all the way to getting covered. url.
Spread the word: December 23rd is the deadline to be covered by the new year. url.
There's a lot to do during the holidays. Check this off your to-do list now: url.
"The Bill of Rights is the foundation of merican liberty, securing our most fundamental rights." iPresident Obama on Bill of Rights Day.
Start 2014 on the right foot: url.
In his weekly address, President Obama honors the memories of the children & educators lost one year ago in url.
A new way to count the days of December: url.
May your days be merry and bright, and may your Christmas include a conversation about health insurance. url.
You can hashtag without leaving your desk: url.
For millions of previously uninsured mericans, affordable health insurance is finally in url.
The budget deal that passed the House today is a bipartisan achievement and an important step in the right directionibut there's more to do..
There's a new way to shop for health insurance: url.
Spread the word: Because of hashtag annual checkups and many screenings and vaccines are free of charge..
Used to be, kids like Isaac could be denied coverage due to a pre-existing condition. url url.
The constituents from these districts support hashtag one of these representatives will url.
December 23rd: The deadline to buy health insurance for January 1st. Get covered: url.
Don't let one of these holiday hiccups dampen your good cheer. hashtag url.
Have kids? Pediatric care, including vision and dental, must now be covered by your insurance under the ffordable Care ct..
Thanks to the ffordable Care ct, tens of millions of mericans can't be denied health care due to a pre-existing condition..
FCT: The demand for health insurance in the new marketplace is still url.
Heard the good news yet? 1.2 million mericans got covered between October and url.
The ffordable Care ct is expanding community health centers all over the url.
Big news: In the past two months, 1.2 million mericans got covered, thanks to the ffordable Care url.
Patti volunteers with name because she believes in the ffordable Care ct. Read her url.
Know any expecting mothers? Let them know all health plans now include maternity careiand they can find options here: url.
Don't start 2014 without a health care planithe deadline to enroll is Dec. 23rd. hashtag url.
President Obama on Democrats and Republicans coming together: "That's the way the merican people expect Washington to work.".
nnual checkups, screenings, and vaccines are now freeiwhen you get covered. Buy your health insurance by Dec. 23rd: url.
60 million mericans will benefit from expanded mental health benefits under the ffordable Care url.
President Obama traveled to South frica to honor the late Nelson Mandela. Watch him speak at the memorial service: url.
"Let us search for his largeness of spirit somewhere inside of ourselves." iPresident Obama at the memorial for Nelson Mandela.
Watch highlights of the National Christmas Tree lighting with the First Family: url url.
There are only two weeks left to get a health care plan that starts on January 1st. url.
"Each of the Big Three automakers is now strong enough to stand on its own ... The merican auto industry is back." iPresident Obama.
Ray was paying $800/month in premiums and co-paymentsinow he's covered thanks to Medicaid expansion in his state: url.
You can no longer be denied health care due to a pre-existing condition. Period. See your options and get covered: url.
Don't waste a moment in 2014 worrying about health insurance. Be covered on January 1st: url.
Medicaid expansion and the new marketplace have helped these mericans get covered: url.
Start 2014 off the right way: url.
Get covered for the new year: url.
Decide the menu at your holiday feast. See your health insurance options. Two things to get done by December 23rd. url.
Have yourself a merry little conversation about health insurance: url hashtag.
Be covered with New Year's cheer and health insurance on January 1st. Here's how: url.
"It shouldnot be a partisan issue." iPresident Obama on extending unemployment insurance. Watch the weekly url.
Watch the weekly address on the importance of extending unemployment url.
"I want to wish everybody a Merry Christmas and a joyful holiday season." iPresident Obama during the lighting of name.
The First Family is in the holiday spirit. Watch the National Christmas Tree lighting at 5:00 p.m. ET: url.
Read this: Deputy Cabinet Secretary Michael Robertson on his cancer diagnosis and the importance of being url.
Make an informed choice when choosing a health care plan: url.
Have you heard? December 23rd is the deadline to enroll in order to be covered by January 1st: url.
Virginia was denied by health insurance companies more times than she could count. Now she's url.
The best thing you can do for yourself this holiday season: url.
"Let us pause and give thanks for the fact that Nelson Mandela lived." iPresident Obama.
President Obama remembers Nelson Mandela: " man who took history in his hands and bent the arc of the moral universe towards justice.".
For 5-year-old Isaac, Obamacare means url.
Before the ffordable Care ct, insurance companies could deny health coverage if you had "pre-existing conditions"ilike allergies. hashtag.
Check out this historical photo album of Hanukkah celebrations at the White House: url.
Retweet if you're glad people with pre-existing conditions can no longer be denied health care. hashtag.
In 2009, people were denied health care for having allergies, acne, asthma, or toenail fungus. url hashtag.
pply. Shop. Buy. Be covered on January 1st: url.
Here's how to improve our economy and create hundreds of thousands of jobs: hashtag url.
"I know people call this law Obamacare, and that's okayibecause I do care." iPresident Obama.
"This law is already helping millions of young people, and it's about to help millions more." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"There was a time when I was a 'young invincible.' fter five years in this office, people don't call me that anymore." iPresident Obama.
Happening now: The President is speaking about the ffordable Care ct at the White House Youth Summit. url hashtag.
"The best days for this country we love are still ahead." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama to Congressional Republicans: "You owe it to the merican people to tell us what you are for, not just what you're against.".
" child's course in life should not be determined by the ZIP code he's born in, but by the scope of his work ethic." iPresident Obama.
" broad majority of mericans agree we should raise the minimum wage." iPresident Obama on creating hashtag for the middle class.
"If you work hard you should be able to earn a living ... You should be able to support your family." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"It's time to pass the Employment Non-Discrimination ct so workers can't be fired for who they are or who they love."iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We need to set aside the belief that government cannot do anything about reducing inequality." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We know from our history that our economy grows best from the middle out." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: We need strong application of anti-discrimination laws. We need immigration reform. hashtag.
Retweet if you agree: "Rising inequality and declining mobility are bad for our democracy." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We've never begrudged success in merica. We aspire to it." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: Since 1979, our productivity is up by more than 90%, but income has increased by less than 8%..
President Obama: Our kids should grow up in an merica where opportunity is real. hashtag.
"I believe this is the defining challenge of our timeimaking sure our economy works for every working merican." iPresident Obama at name.
LIVE: President Obama is discussing the challenge of growing income inequality. url.
There's still time to get your loved ones together for a good talk about getting covered. url.
fter today, the hashtag will have made 100 climate speeches in Congress. It's time deniers accept the facts and hashtag.
Retweet if you're glad insurance companies can no longer put lifetime limits on people's coverage. hashtag.
"Let's help our fellow mericans get covered. Let's give every merican a fighting chance." iPresident Obama.
"Right now, what this law is doing is helping folks, and we're just getting started." iPresident Obama on Obamacare.
President Obama: More than 100M insured mericans have gained access to preventive care to help them stay healthy at no out of pocket cost..
"Nobody should have to choose between putting food on their kid's table or taking them to see a doctor." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about how the ffordable Care ct is benefitting mericans. Watch here: url.
Make sure to watch President Obama speak about the benefits of the ffordable Care ct at 2:30 p.m. ET: url.
These seven representatives serve districts who want leaders on immigration. url.
The Senate already passed bipartisan immigration reform. It's time for the House of Representatives to url.
For the trivia players: Today, the Capitol Dome celebrates its 150th url.
This November, U.S. manufacturing production grew at the fastest pace in 30 months, according to name url.
For a small business owner in New York, Obamacare means better coverage, a bigger network, and serious url.
"I believe we're going to win this fight and I am confident that we will do so together." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: We've helped 6.7 million people receive life-saving treatment under name hashtag.
"Beginning in January, no merican will be denied health coverage because of their HIV status." iPresident Obama.
"This is a moment to reflect on how far we've come since the early days of the IDS epidemic." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in observance of World IDS Day. url hashtag.
ICYMI: MT name name & the fasters: "It's not a matter of if, but when" url.
merica deserves an immigration system that works. It's time to hashtag url.
In a single moment 58 years ago today, Rosa Parks helped change this url.
Health insurance is important. Have the talk: url.
This holiday weekend is a great time for a conversation over leftovers: url.
Today is hashtag to shop at your local small business to support all they do for the community..
Turkey. Candles. Health insurance. Make your holiday weekend count: url.
Nothing says "I love you" like helping someone hashtag url.
"On behalf of the Obama family, I want to wish everybody a very happy Thanksgiving." iPresident Obama.
Make sure everyone who sits down with you for hashtag dinner is covered. url.
Seniors and people with disabilities on Medicare saved $8.9 billion on prescription drugsithanks to hashtag url.
Parents: Turkey isn't the only thing to talk about at Thanksgiving this year. url.
More than 76,000 people have already signed up for coverage through New Yorkos health insurance marketplace: url.
For entrepreneurs and founders of startups, hashtag is a business url.
We need leaders on hashtag Will one of these five representatives will push the House to act? url.
"I believe our daughters should have the same opportunities as our sons." iPresident Obama.
"We can bring the promise of a safe retirement back into reach for middle class families." iPresident Obama.
"Thanks to the ffordable Care ct, health care costs are growing at the slowest rate in fifty years." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"In the global race for jobs and industries, the thing we do better than anybody else is creativity." iPresident Obama.
"My ears were one of the inspirations for Shrek." iPresident Obama at name.
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at name about growing the economy and strengthening the middle class. url.
Here are some hashtag success stories you haven't been hearing url.
Good news: Enrollment in the new marketplace keeps growing in New url.
President Obama to name "We're with you. The whole country hears you." hashtag.
In Kentucky, the long-uninsured are signing up for health insurance on the new marketplace. url hashtag.
A majority of mericans have consistently supported a pathway to citizenship. url It's time to hashtag.
Retweet if you agree with President Obama on hashtag "We can't leave this problem for another generation to solve." hashtag.
"We have kicked this particular can down the road long enoughieverybody knows it." iPresident Obama on the need to hashtag.
"The immigration reform we're proposing would boost our economy and shrink our deficits." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is in San Francisco discussing the need to hashtag url.
Watch President Obama speak from San Francisco at 11:35 a.m. PST about the importance of passing hashtag reform: url.
fter years without coverage, this Pittsburgh house painter signed up on the new url.
Let's fix our broken hashtag system for our communities and our economy: url hashtag.
Show your support to hashtag for millions of merican workers: url.
It's easier than you think to hashtag to your loved ones about health url.
It's time to raise the minimum wage for merican workers. Let's do url.
Home for the holidays? It's a great time to talk to friends and family about getting covered. url hashtag.
"Imagine how much farther along we could be if both parties were working together." iPresident url.
Watch the weekly address on how both parties can work together to keep the merican economy moving url.
It's time to increase the minimum wage. dd your name: url url.
In cities across merica, the living wage has outpaced the federal minimum wage. It's time to url.
Good news: In September, U.S. job openings and overall hiring both reached five-year highs. More from name url.
Nobody who works hard should have to struggle to make ends meet. It's time to raise the minimum wage: url hashtag.
"This gridlock has not served the cause of justice ... It's undermined it." iPresident Obama, supporting filibuster reform in the Senate.
"Billions of dollars' worth of good news." This chart shows the growth in health care costs is url.
"Today and in the decades to come, let us carry his legacy forward."iPresident Obama on the Day of Remembrance for President John F. Kennedy.
In 2009, pre-Obamacare: This 17-year-old's insurance was rescinded after she was diagnosed with celiac disease. url hashtag.
Make time to talk with your loved ones about health insurance this holiday season. url url.
Tell House members: take the lead on hashtag reform and fix our broken system. url hashtag.
Pre-Obamacare hashtag When an insurance company canceled a teenager's policy after she got sick url.
Good news: The number of uninsured children in merica is on the decline. Read more: url hashtag.
This is a big deal: Our economy is growingiand we're reducing carbon pollution. Here's how: url hashtag.
"We must build ladders of opportunity for all children." iPresident Obama on url.
Since the passage of hashtag health care spending has risen at the lowest rate ever recorded. Find out url.
It's time for the House of Representatives to hashtag url hashtag.
When your loved ones get together this holiday season, remember to talk to them about health insurance. url hashtag.
Raising the minimum wage is good for our families and our economy. dd your voice today: url hashtag.
Happy birthday to a great url.
Next on the list: Five more House members who have the opportunity to lead on on url.
Read President Obama's handwritten tribute to the 150th anniversary of the hashtag url.
Home for the holidays? It's a great time to talk to friends and family about getting covered. url hashtag.
It's time to raise the minimum wage for all mericans. dd your name today to be part of this fight: url hashtag.
When your loved ones get together this holiday season, remember to talk to them about health insurance. url hashtag.
Retweet if you believe health care isn't a privilege for a fortunate few, but a right for all. url.
"The merican people and our judicial system deserve better." iPresident Obama on the continued partisan filibusters of hashtag nominees.
This is your chance to get on the phone with President Obama. Join the call right now: url hashtag.
President Obama will speak to name supporters tonight. Join the call: url.
"I want to talk with you." iPresident Obama. Get on the phone today: url.
In Washington state, thousands are getting covered. More from name url hashtag.
Want to hear from President Obama directly? Get on the phone tonight: url.
President Obama wants to talk with you directly. Join the call: url.
name name and name explain why hashtag is working in their url.
Months after the Senate passed bipartisan legislation, our hashtag system remains broken. This must url.
RSVP now to join President Obama on the phone tomorrow url.
Parents: Give your children the information they need to get covered. url url.
"I want to extend my best wishes to all our Sikh friends, across the United States and around the world." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Hear from the President himself tomorrow: Join name call to hear what's ahead in the fight for change. url.
When you have a loved one's ear, make sure to talk about getting health insurance: url url.
This holiday season, hashtag about new, affordable options for the uninsured in your family. url.
Jump on the phone with President Obama this Monday. RSVP now: url.
" tremendous step towards merican energy independence." iPresident Obama. Watch the weekly url.
In this week's address, President Obama talks about reaching a milestone for merican energy. url.
hashtag  name Here he comes!!!! url.
Spread the word about getting health insurance this holiday season: url url.
It's time to hashtag about health care. Get the information you need: url.
Share the loveilet people know how they can hashtag during the holidays: url hashtag.
This is a key moment to stand against discrimination. Tell the House of Representatives to pass url.
"We have to do everything we can to make sure every merican has access to quality, affordable health care." iPresident Obama.
"Today we generate more renewable energy than ever." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Over the last 44 months, our businesses have created 7.8 million new jobs." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama discusses jobs and the importance of manufacturing in Cleveland. url.
Watch President Obama speak about the importance of manufacturing in Cleveland at 3:40 p.m. ET: url.
Before hashtag pregnancy was considered a pre-existing condition: url hashtag.
"I am not going to walk away from 40 million people who have the chance to get health insurance for the first time." iPresident Obama.
Continue to stand up against discrimination. dd your name to tell the House of Representatives to pass hashtag url.
"Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with the people of the Philippines." iPresident Obama. Here's how to url.
Most mericans agree: It's time to raise the minimum url.
A majority of mericans support limiting carbon pollution from power plants to combat climate change. Learn url.
It's time for the House of Representatives to take action on immigration reform. url.
dd your name today if you're hashtag the House of Representatives to get it url.
Retweet if you're hashtag to strengthen our economy, our families, and our nation. hashtag.
Hawaii just became the next state to embrace marriage equality. Congratulations to the loha State. url.
Good news: New rules will ensure that insurers take mental health as seriously as physical url.
Earlier this year, Representative name told constituents he would hashtag Hold him to his word: url hashtag.
President Obama has one more campaign in him, and he's asking you to be a part of it: url hashtag.
"Today, we gather once more to honor patriots who have rendered the highest service any merican can offer this nation." iPresident Obama.
Today we honor every service member who has ever worn one of our nation's uniforms. Happy Veterans url.
Make sure mericans have the information they need to hashtag Join Team Obamacare: url.
Our power plants must get cleaner: Support the name new limits on carbon url.
This cancer survivor supports hashtag because it helps people with pre-existing conditions url.
Help make sure the name new emission standards on power plants move forward: url hashtag.
40% of all carbon pollution in merica comes from our power plants. Support the name new limits on pollution: url.
Support the progress the name is making in cleaning our dirty power plants: url hashtag.
In the weekly address, President Obama honors merica's url.
Retweet if you're ready for Representative name to fulfill his commitment on hashtag reform. url.
73% support a pathway to earned citizenship. Time to fix our broken immigration system. url hashtag.
There are currently no national rules limiting carbon pollution from power plants. You can help change that: url.
"This country works best when we're working together." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"It's the right thing to do." iPresident Obama on expanding Medicaid in every state hashtag.
President Obama: Rebuilding our infrastructure is not a partisan issue. It's an merican issue. hashtag.
"There's no reason both parties can't come together to get it done this year." iPresident Obama on hashtag reform.
"We now export more goods and services than ever beforeiand that means more jobs right here in the U.S.." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"There's no question that the shutdown hurt our jobs market... Self-inflicted wounds do not have to happen." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Growing our economy, creating new jobs ... That's always been what merica's about." iPresident Obama hashtag.
WTCH: President Obama is in New Orleans talking about growing the economy and creating jobs. url hashtag.
The President speaks at 12:10 p.m. CT about the economy and making things the rest of the world buys: url hashtag.
Last month, our economy added 204,000 jobs to the private sector, continuing a 44-month job creation url.
Show your support for name standards on clean power plants and reducing carbon pollution: url hashtag.
Pre-Obamacare, here's what insurance companies could do to you: url hashtag.
Governor name attended the hashtag on Monday. Read what he has to say about url.
The economy is growing, but there is more work to do. Our country deserves hashtag for the middle url.
"No one should ever lose their job simply because of who they are or who they love." iPresident Obama on the Senate passing hashtag.
The Senate just passed hashtag 64-32inow it's time for the House to take action to protect LGBT merican workers from workplace discrimination.
The House's inaction on hashtag costs the U.S. more by the secondisee for yourself: url It's time to hashtag.
FCT: States that have opted out of Medicaid expansion are denying health care to 5.4 million people. Time to put hashtag.
The EP's standards on cleaning carbon pollution from power plants will protect mericans' health. Show your support: url.
Getting people covered with health insurance is in everyone's interest. Time to put url.
One year ago, mericans voted for an agenda to move this country url.
If Texas expanded Medicaid under hashtag 1.2 million people would gain health insurance. hashtag.
A new report shows that interest in the name marketplace continues to grow: url hashtag.
Same-sex marriage now is legal in 15 states, but there's more work to do. Fight for equality in all 50: url hashtag.
The name Obamacare Summit: stories from the past and inspiration for the future. Read all about url.
"Michelle and I are overjoyed for all the committed couples in Illinois whose love will now be as legal as ours." iPresident Obama.
It's official: Marriage equality is coming to Illinois. url.
This is huge: The Illinois House just passed marriage equality. hashtag.
Good news: 17 million people will be eligible for premium tax credits in the new health insurance url.
No federal law protects LGBT individuals from employment discrimination. name volunteers are working to change url.
"We are going to make sure that every single person in this country can get affordable health care." iPresident url.
"Thank you for bringing it back home." iPresident Obama congratulates name on winning the Stanley url.
For more on hashtag take a look at some of the highlights from today: url hashtag.
"I've got one more campaign in meithe campaign to make sure this law is working for everybody." iPresident Obama on Obamacare hashtag.
"I'm asking all of you to go out there and share these stories far and wide." iPresident Obama on how Obamacare is working hashtag.
"The bottom line is we are making the insurance market better for everybody." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Everybody who wants to be able to get insurance through the marketplace ... they'll be able to." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"No one deserves to be denied health care because of politics." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Today I'm here to simply say thank you." iPresident Obama to hashtag.
President Obama gives special remarks now at name Obamacare summit. Follow here: url hashtag.
It's time to put aside aside politics and extend basic workplace protections to all LGBT mericans: url hashtag.
The majority of small business owners and mericans of all political affiliations support hashtag url Time to get it done..
Obamacare is adding patient protections to the individual health insurance market. Read all about url.
The Senate has the chance to pass hashtag Stand with LGBT workersiadd your name today: url.
"I urge the Senate to vote yes on END and the House of Representatives to do the same." iPresident url.
Read President Obama's op-ed on why Congress needs to pass hashtag to create federal protections for LGBT url.
It's time to work together to get people covered. url.
Watch name new video and hashtag about health care this holiday url.
"We wish all those celebrating this weekend a Happy Diwali and Saal Mubarak." iPresident Obama.
The holiday season is almost here, and there's no better time to hashtag with a loved one about health care: url.
"The question isnot between growth and fiscal responsibility. We need both." iPresident Obama on passing a responsible budget.
In the weekly address, President Obama calls on Congress to pass a budget that focuses on middle-class url.
Have you ever had a family dinner like this? url hashtag.
Today the President created a task force to help communities prepare for the effects of climate change: url hashtag.
Lights, turkeys, trees and decorationsithis holiday season, hashtag with a loved one about health care: url.
It's time to work together to get people covered. Join Team url.
Since President Obama took office in 2009, the national deficit has been cut by more than url.
Be a part of Team name ensure millions of mericans have the info they need to get affordable health care: url.
Don't let anyone scare you out of getting affordable health insurance. url.
Happy url.
"Iom well aware that a presidential visit is not the biggest thing going on in Boston." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We are in this together, and we are going to see it through." iPresident Obama on hashtag.
"Most mericans don't see things through a political lens or an ideological lens." iPresident Obama.
"Both parties working together to get the job doneithat's what we need in Washington." iPresident Obama on hashtag.
"I don't think we should go back to discriminating against kids with pre-existing conditions." iPresident Obama.
uProviding people with health careithat should be a no-brainer.u iPresident Obama.
"No one is losing their right to health coverage ... That's the truth." iPresident Obama.
"One of the things health reform was designed to do was to help not only the uninsured but also the underinsured." iPresident Obama.
uIf they put in as much energy into making this law work as they do attacking the law, mericans would be better off.u iPresident Obama.
uRight now, the website is too slow. Too many people have gotten stuck. nd I am not happy about that.u iPresident Obama.
uThis marketplace is open now  The deal is good. The prices are low.u iPresident Obama on hashtag.
President Obama on hashtag It provides ua true patientos bill of rights.u.
"Your law was the model for the nation's law." iPresident Obama on health care in Massachusetts.
"Health care reform in this state was a success. That doesn't mean it was perfect right away." iPresident Obama on health reform in Mass..
LIVE: The President discusses how the success of Massachusetts' health care plan provides a blueprint for name url.
Read all about it: Hawaii could become the next state to embrace url.
DYK: name bans insurance companies from charging women more than men for the same url.
Don't miss President Obama's speech on health care today at 3:55 p.m. ET. url.
Welcome back, name hashtag.
dd your voice to say hashtag It's time to act on climate change. url hashtag.
If you're a young adult looking for health insurance on the new marketplace, you could hashtag for $50 a month. url.
The effects of extreme weather on the East Coast have been devastating. url.
"We take care of our own. We leave nobody behind." iPresident Obama on the Hurricane Sandy anniversary hashtag.
"Today, we remember our fellow mericans who lost their lives to that storm." iPresident Obama on the anniversary of Hurricane Sandy hashtag.
Tomorrow is the one year anniversary of Hurricane Sandy. url.
Good news MT name Gays & lesbians should not be fired from their jobs just for being themselves. Senate will soon work to hashtag.
Tell Congress to pass comprehensive immigration reformifor families, and for our economy: url hashtag.
Immigration is a bipartisan issue: url hashtag.
Science fair nightmare: This hashtag change denier is the world's most embarrassing url.
A majority of mericansiRepublicans and Democratsisupport the Employment Non-Discrimination ct. Let's do this. url hashtag.
The Senate passed bipartisan immigration reform more than 100 days ago. Let's get this done. url.
hashtag deniers can change. Watch: url.
Happy Birthday, url.
"Ioll never stop fighting to help more hardworking mericans know the economic security of health care." iPresident Obama.
Stand up for LGBT mericans. Support the Employment Non-Discrimination ct today: url.
Watch President Obama's weekly address on the launch of the new health insurance marketplace: url hashtag.
Tell your friends: hashtag is helping young people afford health insurance. (via url.
"This country will always be a place where you can make it if you try." iPresident Obama.
"Don't tell me we can afford to shut down the government but we can't afford to invest in our education system." iPresident Obama.
President Obama to name Education is a ticket into the middle classiand it should be available to everyone..
President Obama on preparing for a global economy: We pull together. We up our game. We fight back. We work hard. We win..
"ll of you are growing up in changing times, especially for the economy." iPresident Obama to name.
"It is good to see some friends who stick up for students and teachers and education every day." iPresident Obama to name.
LIVE: The President speaks about the need for the next generation of mericans to compete in a global economy. url.
dd your voice for hashtag reformitell the House to hashtag url.
President Obama speaks about entrepreneurship and the future of the middle class at name at 3:45 p.m. ET: url.
re you fired up? You can be a part of the effort to fix our broken hashtag system. dd your voice: url hashtag.
hashtag url.
See how name volunteers are fighting for hashtag reform and making headlines across the country: url hashtag.
We have a broken hashtag system. It's now up to the House to decide whether or not we fix it. url.
Retweet if you agree that it's time for the House of Representatives to pass comprehensive hashtag reform. hashtag.
"It is time. Let's go get it done." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Let's do it now. Let's not delay. Let's get this done. nd let's do it in a bipartisan way." iPresident Obama hashtag hashtag.
President Obama supports the need to hashtag "This isn't just the right thing to do. It's the smart thing to do.".
"We've kicked this particular can down the road for too long." iPresident Obama on hashtag reform.
"We should pass immigration reform  It's good for our people and we should do it this year." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama calls on Congress to pass common-sense immigration reform. url hashtag.
Good news: A new report shows how name will save the country $190B over ten url.
Watch this video about name efforts to get the House of Representatives to take action on immigration: url hashtag.
The Senateos immigration reform bill was sent to the House more than 100 days ago. Tell the House to hashtag url.
Our immigration system is broken. Tell the House of Representatives: hashtag url.
Watch President Obama discuss name "It's more than just a url.
President Obama recorded a message for name supporters about name Watch here: url.
Retweet if you agree the House of Representatives should bring comprehensive hashtag reform to a vote. hashtag.
Mark Twain Prize recipient Carol Burnett visited the White House yesterdayino formal curtain attire url.
Congress should start solving real problems. It's time the House votes on hashtag reform: url hashtag.
It's time to double down on comprehensive hashtag reform: url hashtag.
It's time for the House to vote on hashtag reform to strengthen our economy and our communities. hashtag.
This woman saved money, thanks to name and the law helped her family hashtag Read more from Fox url.
Read my's story: "Obamacare helped me keep my doctor of 27 url.
merica is making strides toward full equality for all families. Share your hashtag story: url hashtag.
Congrats, New Jersey. url.
President Obama: It's time to stop rooting for failure. Hard working middle class families are rooting for success. hashtag.
"People can now get good insurance. People with pre-existing conditions can now afford insurance." iPresident Obama.
"Even with the website issues, we've actually made the process of buying insurance ... a lot smoother than the old way." iPresident Obama.
"No one is madder than me about the fact that the website isn't working as well as it should ... It's going to get fixed." iPresident Obama.
"We are doing everything we possibly can to get the website working." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Prices have come down. When you add the new tax credits ... prices come down even further." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Billions of dollars have been saved by seniors already. It's part of the law. It's already in place." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Thousands of people are signing up and saving money as we speak." iPresident Obama on name.
LIVE: President Obama speaks about name and the new health insurance marketplace website. url.
t 11:25 a.m. ET, listen to President Obama speak about name url.
Retweet if you want the House of Representatives to solve real problems, not create new ones. hashtag.
mericans want Congress to solve real problems: url hashtag.
Sign this letter to Congressitell them to never let an extreme minority derail our progress again: url hashtag.
"The way business is done in Washington has to change." iPresident Obama on the hashtag.
Watch this week's address where President Obama lays out bipartisan opportunities to help the merican url.
It's hashtag in Congress. It's time for a vote on hashtag reform in the url.
Tell Congress: Never let an extreme minority call the shots again. url hashtag.
For weeks, an extreme minority halted merica's progress. Tell Congressinever let it happen again. url hashtag.
It's time for lawmakers to get back to solving problems instead of creating them. hashtag.
President Obama's next priority: comprehensive hashtag reform. url.
"We come from different parties, but we are mericans first ... Disagreement cannot mean disfunction." iPresident Obama.
President Obama to furloughed workers: "Thank you. Thanks for your service. Welcome back.".
President Obama: Let's work together to make government work betteriinstead of treating it as an enemy or purposefully making it work worse..
"We should finish the job of fixing our broken immigration system." iPresident Obama.
"The issue is not growth versus fiscal responsibility. We need both." iPresident Obama on creating a budget that works.
"The good news is we'll bounce back from this. We always do. merica is the bedrock of the global economy for a reason." iPresident Obama.
"Let's be clear, there are no winners here ... The merican people are completely fed up with Washington." iPresident Obama on the hashtag.
"The first government shutdown in 17 years is now over." iPresident Obama.
Watch the President speak about ending the hashtag avoiding default, and getting back to business: url.
"Tonight the Republicans and Democrats in Congress have come together around an agreement that will reopen our government." iPresident Obama.
Thanks to the millions of mericans who made their voices heard and helped bring the shutdown to an end. Now let's get back to work..
Retweet to tell name to hashtag.
n economic shutdown would be bad news for merica's recovery. Tell Congress to hashtag url.
The merican people can't afford an economic shutdown on top of a government shutdown. Tell Congress to hashtag url.
Day 16 of the hashtag This can't continueiCongress needs to hashtag.
Retweet if you agree it's time to hashtag before our country faces an economic shutdown..
This is unacceptable. Tell Tea Party Republicans to stop holding our economy hostage: url.
Retweet if you believe Congress shouldn't let one faction of one party drive our economy into a ditch. hashtag.
Week 3 of the government shutdown, and now Tea Party Republicans are threatening an economic shutdown. hashtag url.
Tea Party Republicans in Congress are threatening an economic shutdown. It's time to say: hashtag url.
Thousands of furloughed workers have waited long enough for Congress to act on the shutdown. url hashtag.
n economic shutdown could cripple merica's recovery. Tell Congress to hashtag url.
It's time to put people back to work. Tell Congress to hashtag url.
merica is just days away from an economic shutdown if Congress doesn't do its job. url.
Retweet if you agree that shutting down the government is not a negotiating tactic. hashtag.
Be a part of name Twitter takeover and tell Congress to hashtag url.
This is serious. dd your voice and tell Congress to hashtag url.
If the debt ceiling isn't raised by Thursday, merica could face an economic shutdown. url.
Retweet to tell Tea Party Republicans in the House of Representatives: Do your job. End the government shutdown now. hashtag.
Tea Party Republicans are threatening an economic shutdown. Tell them to hashtag url.
dd your voiceitell Tea Party Republicans to hashtag url.
"Michelle and I extend our best wishes for a joyous Eid al-dha to Muslims around the world." iPresident Obama.
This shutdown is affecting thousands of children every day. Say hashtag url.
The hashtag is harming small businesses. Say you've had hashtag url.
If the hashtag continues to November 1, it will have cost the economy $5,000,000,000. url hashtag.
Tell Tea Party Republicans to stop playing games with our economy. url hashtag.
For 9 million women and children, the hashtag means nutritional assistance is in url.
During Domestic Violence wareness Month, the hashtag has stopped aid to some 2,000 shelters for url.
"Manufacturing crises to extract massive concessions isnot how our democracy works, and we have to stop it." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Watch: President Obama says it's time to end the hashtag and get back to the work of the merican url.
The hashtag stopped funding to Head Start programs, keeping 7,000 children out of school: url hashtag.
If the hashtag continues, paychecks for another 1M people who are currently working will be delayed: url hashtag.
Watch: mericans want Tea Party Republicans to stop holding our economy hostage and end this shutdown. url hashtag.
From name "Nine ways the shutdown will get more painful as it drags on" url hashtag.
This is important: The hashtag is putting the safety of our food at url.
Today is a day to celebrate being who you are. url.
mericans are discovering how name can help. Here are a few url.
The hashtag is making our food less safe. This must end url.
The hashtag couldn't stop hashtag but it has halted the nation's flu prevention url.
mericans are frustrated with the hashtag and they're sending a clear message to url.
name and name volunteers are working for a better minimum wage in Massachusetts. Join them: url.
Retweet if you think it's time to let the 800,000 furloughed workers get back to url.
Watch the hashtag in real time and see how it's harming our economy: url.
Stand with the President. Say hashtag url.
"That vote could take place today. The shutdown would be over." iPresident Obama url cc name.
It's time name ended this shutdown. Tell him to url.
"It hurts our credibility around the world. It makes us look like we don't have our act together." iPresident Obama on the hashtag.
"The way we got to this point was one thing and one thing only: Republican obsession with dismantling Obamacare." iPresident Obama.
President Obama on the debt ceiling: It does not increase our debt, grow our deficits or allow for a single dime in increased spending..
"Warren Buffett likened default to a nuclear bombia weapon too terrible to use." iPresident Obama on the debt ceiling.
"Let's lift these threats from our families and our businesses ... Let's get down to work." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"House Republicans don't get to demand ransoms in exchange for doing their jobs." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama delivers a statement from the White House. url.
Count them: There are enough votes in the House to end this shutdown. name hashtag url.
The hashtag continues, and mericans are paying the price. Tell name to stop listening to extremists in his own caucus..
Watch: The hashtag is a manufactured crisis. Tell name this must url.
Tell name to count the votes in the Houseithere are enough to end the shutdown: url hashtag.
ccording to Republican Congressman name the votes are there to end the hashtag url cc name.
Day seven of the hashtag Watch name new ad and tell name to end this now: url.
Despite what name said, he has the votes to end this shutdown. url hashtag.
Watch name new ad and tell name to stand up to the Tea Party Republicans. url hashtag.
Retweet if you want name to hashtag and end this shutdown..
This hashtag can end name has the votes in the House. Tell him hashtag url.
There are enough votes in the House to end the shutdown. name hashtag.
Tell name End this url.
See why President Obama wants you to join Team url.
"The merican people donot get to demand ransom in exchange for doing their job. Neither does Congress." iPresident Obama on the hashtag.
The government shutdown is costly and irresponsible. It's time the hashtag url.
"Pass a budget. End this government shutdown. Pay our bills. Prevent an economic shutdown." iPresident Obama.
In this week's address, President Obama calls on Congress to end this hashtag immediately: url hashtag.
Watch: President Obama's message to name about url.
This week President Obama reads letters from mericans who've dealt with real-world consequences of the url.
name was against a government shutdowniuntil he created one. url hashtag.
Despite the hashtag the ffordable Care ct is here to stay. hashtag name.
The name Secretary Jack Lew: "U.S. failure to pay bills hurts everyone" url hashtag.
Let your representative know: The hashtag is hurting our economy and must end now. url.
The hashtag continues today and mericans are paying the price. Tell them to stop this: url.
Day four of the hashtag name stop letting extremists threaten our economy..
Tea Party extremists caused this hashtag Tell name to end it now: url.
President Obama to Congress: Pass a budget. End the hashtag Pay our bills. Prevent an economic shutdown. hashtag.
"Heed the warnings of the Chamber of Commerce. They're all saying to Congress: 'Do your job.'" iPresident Obama hashtag.
"In a government shutdown, millions of mericansinot just government workers ... face economic hardship." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"House Republicans need to stop careening from one crisis to the other ... I'm tired of it." iPresident Obama on the hashtag.
Day three of the hashtag Day three of the new name marketplace providing health insurance options to millions..
Here's how the hashtag is hurting every single state: url hashtag.
Retweet if you want this hashtag to end..
The decision to shut down the government is hurting local economies all across the country: url hashtag.
Take note: name is here to stay..
Day two of name shutdown. Donot put our economy or the merican people through this any longer: hashtag.
Shopping for affordable, quality health care? Share your name stories as you hashtag url.
Despite the efforts of extremists in the House of Representatives, name is not shut url.
"We're better than this." iPresident Obama on the government shutdown hashtag.
"Nobody gets to hurt our economy and hard-working families over a law you don't like." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The ffordable Care ct is still open for business." iPresident Obama on name.
"For the 15% of mericans who don't have health insurance, this opportunity is life changing." iPresident Obama on the launch of hashtag.
"Many of the demands the Republicans are making would increase the deficit." iPresident Obama on the hashtag.
"I urge House Republicans to reopen the government." iPresident Obama.
LIVE: The President speaks about the new marketplace after meeting with mericans who will benefit from hashtag url.
Obamacare is here. hashtag.
This is huge: Today millions of mericans finally have the chance to enroll in quality, affordable health care. hashtag.
"The ffordable Care ct is moving forward. You can't shut it down." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Despite the shutdown, the new health insurance marketplace opens for business as planned on October 1. hashtag.
They actually did it. A group of Republicans in the House just forced a government shutdown over Obamacare instead of passing a real budget..
A group of extremists in the House is hours away from shutting down the government. Tell them url.
From name "49 Republicans Who Say Shutting Down The Government Over Obamacare Is A Big url.
A government shutdown will have a real impact on real people right awayiand the House is hours away from forcing one. hashtag.
"Congress needs to keep our government openiit needs to pay our bills on time. Time is running out." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"One faction of one party, of one house of Congress ... doesn't get to shut down the entire government." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The ffordable Care act is moving forward. The funding is already in place. You can't shut it down." iPresident Obama.
"The important part of the ffordable Care ct takes place tomorrow no matter what the House decides to do" iPresident Obama on the shutdown.
This is the time to support the agenda mericans voted for last Novemberidonate $5 before midnight: url.
Tonight's deadline is a critical moment. Support name and make your voice heard: url.
It's your chance to support this movementichip in $5 before tonight's deadline: url.
Say you won't stop fighting for women's rights. Chip in $5 and hashtag url.
Support name and stand up to those trying to derail the agenda mericans voted for last November: url.
A $5 donation to name will go a long way in supporting the agenda mericans voted for last November: url.
A group of Republicans in the House won't stop playing games with our economy. Tell them hashtag url.
This is a key momentichip in and support a movement that stands for progress: url.
There is still time for Congress to avoid a government shutdown. Tell them to do their jobs: url hashtag.
Congress needs to hear this: Do not shut down the government. Do not shut down the economy. url hashtag.
The House won't stop playing games with our economy. Tell them url.
This is ridiculous. Instead of passing a real budget, a group of House Republicans is playing politics with women's health. hashtag.
"They refuse to pass a budget unless I let them sabotage Obamacare." Read President Obama's message to url.
Past shutdowns have disrupted the economy, and this one would be no different. Tell Congress to do its url.
A group of Republicans is willing to hurt our economy over a law they don't like. Tell them hashtag url.
Magnets are cool. url.
mericans have worked too hard in this recovery to see extremists in Congress cause another crisis: url hashtag.
Tuesday is also the day that a group of far-right Republicans in Congress might choose to shut down the url.
Weekly address: Starting Tuesday, millions of mericans finally have a chance to buy quality, affordable health url.
hashtag name Welcome to Twitter, Madam Secretary..
Put your name on the name donor wall with a $5 contribution & show the world where you stand. url.
It's time Congress puts an end to governing from one manufactured crisis to the next. Tell them hashtag url.
The name donor wall shows that this is a grassroots movement belonging to millions: url.
You can help keep up the momentum on issues like hashtag reform and hashtag change. Support name today: url.
Get your very own "I Take ction" magnet here: url.
More good news on hashtag Prices on the new health care exchange are looking url.
Chip in $5 and help fight for the agenda mericans voted for in 2012: url.
If you're sick and tired of Congress playing political games with mericans' health care, tell them url.
"Let's make sure the United States of merica keeps being a place where you can make it if you try." iPresident Obama.
"I will not negotiate on anything when it comes to the full faith and credit of the United States of merica." iPresident Obama.
President Obama summarizes hashtag opponents' argument: Shut it down before people realize they like it..
"See for yourself what the prices are. See for yourself what the choices are." iPresident Obama on new options for the uninsured hashtag.
"We have seen the lowest growth in health care cost on record." iPresident Obama on the benefits of hashtag.
President Obama summarizing the new health care law for millions of mericans: "You're covered.".
Retweet if you agree: Women shouldn't have to pay more for their insurance just because they're women. hashtag.
"The ffordable Care ct is here." iPresident Obama.
"In the wealthiest nation on earth, no one should go broke just because they get sick." iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama explains how the uninsured can hashtag with the new health care marketplace: url hashtag.
Watch President Obama speak about hashtag and hashtag for the middle class at 10:55 a.m. ET: url.
Obamacare is the law of the land. Tell Congress hashtag url.
Women deserve a hashtag in all 50 states. Read name report on how each state ranks: url hashtag.
Our work is not done. Help keep up the momentum on the issues that matter to you. Support name url.
95% of mericans live in states where average premiums in the new insurance marketplace will be lower than url.
mericans don't want a government shutdown. url hashtag.
mericans are standing up and saying hashtag to Congress. Join in: url.
"Not only are premiums lower than they were, they're lower than the most optimistic predictions." iPresident Obama on Obamacare hashtag.
"I don't have pride of authorship on this, I just want the thing to work." iPresident Obama on hashtag in each state hashtag.
"Go to url take a look." iPresident Obama on shopping for health care options that are a good fit for you. hashtag.
"Health care costs have grown at the slowest rate in 50 years. We are bending the cost curve." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"ny young person who doesn't have health insurance can stay on their parents health insurance until they're 26 years old." iPresident Obama.
" mom should not have to go bankrupt if her son or daughter gets sick ... I think most mericans agree with that" iPresident Obama hashtag.
Happening now: President Obama and name are discussing health care at hashtag url.
Don't miss two Presidents discussing health care at hashtag Watch the discussion at 4:55 p.m. ET: url.
Check out this map of uninsured mericans: url This is why expanding access to quality, affordable care is so important..
You can make a difference on the issues that matter to you. Chip in $5 to support name work: url.
President Obama and name will discuss health care at hashtag Watch their conversation at 4:55 p.m. ET: url.
The name is working to make our dirtiest power plants cleaner. url.
You can be a part of name work for the agenda the merican people voted for in 2012. Chip in today: url.
There's no time like the present. Support name today and keep this movement for progress strong: url.
Born to run, 64 years ago today. Have a good one url.
A clear majority of mericans opposes the House's demand to defund hashtag or shut down the url.
Climate change is real and dangerous. Show your support for the name new standards to cut carbon url.
"Our tears are not enough." iPresident Obama stresses the need for gun violence prevention at today's memorial for the hashtag.
Watch live: President Obama speaks at the memorial for victims of the hashtag url.
Tell Congress: Your best idea in 2013 can't be the worst idea from 1995: url url.
FCT: Federal agencies reduced greenhouse gas emissions by more than 15% from 2008-2012iequal to taking 1.5M cars off the road hashtag.
What's more importantipassing a budget or defunding Obamacare? hashtag.
"We are running out of time to fix this." iPresident Obama on the need for Congress to pass a budget. url hashtag.
ICYMI: Only 4.6% of Fortune 1000 companies are run by women. Let's change that. url.
"ction on climate change presents a distinct opportunity. nd we have seen it work." name Read url.
"The most basic constitutional duty Congress has is to pass a budget." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Let's get this straight: Take the opportunity for affordable health care away from millions of people, hashtag.
They actually did it: The House just passed a resolution that risks a government shutdown to defund Obamacare. hashtag.
Today name announces the first ever limits on carbon pollution from future power plants. Read more: url hashtag.
Obamacare is already helping millions of mericansibut a group of Republicans wants to shut down the government to defund it. hashtag.
The hashtag threatens to derail major innovative breakthroughs, says name url.
"re they really willing to hurt people just to score political points? I hope not." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
It's time to stop playing games with our economy over a law that passed years ago. hashtag.
A group of Republicans the House is willing to shut down the government unless Obamacare is defunded. url.
hashtag to support women's health, economic security and leadership opportunities. Learn url.
It's time to talk about hashtag Tonight, a group of Democrats in the House takes the floor to say hashtag url.
ll across the country tonight, people will hashtag Read about name new initiative: url.
"We got a bill passed out of the Senate...If Speaker Boehner called that bill today, it would pass." iPresident Obama on hashtag reform.
President Obama will not let a group of Republicans take away health care from millions of people. url.
"If our changing climate goes unchecked, it will have devastating impacts on the United States and the planet." name hashtag.
President Obama on the need for gun violence prevention measures: url hashtag.
"The evidence is overwhelming, the science is clear, and the threat from climate change is real and urgent." name hashtag.
President Obama on hashtag reform: "The only thing thatos holding it back right now is John Boehner.".
In the wake of the hashtag President Obama calls on Congress to take action to prevent gun violence. url.
A government shutdown could delay student loansiall in the name of defunding hashtag Say url.
A government shutdown could undermine our recovering economyisay hashtag url.
Some members of Congress are prepared to shut down the government to defund hashtag Tell them hashtag url.
Spread the word: For millions of mericans, health insurance could cost $100 a month or less. url hashtag.
Retweet if you support President Obama's plans to cut carbon pollution and increase efficiency. url.
Share the good news: 6.8M consumers saved $1.2B on health insurance premiums last year thanks to hashtag url.
"We send our thoughts and prayers to all at the Navy Yard who've been touched by this tragedy." iPresident Obama.
Starting in 2014, you can't be denied coverage or charged more for health insurance because you're LGBT. hashtag.
Powerful speech by name on equality, taking the road less traveled, and demanding to be seen: url hashtag.
Thanks to hashtag health insurance providers will no longer be able to discriminate against LGBT url.
A government shutdown would disrupt veterans' benefitsiall in the name of politics. Say url.
Some representatives in the House say they'll shut down the government unless hashtag is defunded. hashtag url.
nother reason to support hashtag protection for kids with pre-existing url.
fter 36 years, Voyager 1 has become the first human-made object to leave the solar system. url Congratulations name.
ICYMI, Hawaii is closer to hashtag than ever before. Show your support url.
"Today, we can honor those we lost by building a nation worthy of their memories." iPresident Obama on hashtag.
Watch live: President Obama addresses the nation on Syria. url.
President Obama will address the nation this evening regarding the situation in Syria. Tune in at 9:00 p.m. ET. url.
President Obama and China's announcement is "serious momentum for quick action to cut greenhouse gases" url hashtag.
In 29 states, no state law protects you from being fired for being gay. Let's fix that: url url.
Volunteers for name are tireless. Check out last week's action for hashtag reform: url.
There are many good reasons to support hashtag Here's url.
For millions of mericans, hashtag means rebates from the insurance url.
Watch President Obama's address on the ongoing debate in Congress on url.
Protection against employment discrimination is a no-brainer. Show your support for hashtag url.
It's 2013, and millions of LGBT mericans still lack basic protection from discrimination under the law. url hashtag.
Jobs news: With today's report, unemployment fell to the lowest rate since December url.
How budget gridlock in Congress could jeopardize the fight against climate url.
From name "Budget Gridlock Risks International Climate and Clean Energy Investments" url.
Watch President Obama's hashtag url.
President Obama to those celebrating hashtag tonight: "I want to wish you and your families a sweet and happy new year. Shanah Tova.".
Show your support for our nation of immigrants by showing your support for hashtag url.
Millions of mericans with private insurance are getting rebates thanks to url.
Millions of mericans have already received free preventive care, thanks to url.
hashtag ends lifetime limits on health url.
"We should all work together to implement this law." iPresident name hashtag.
"I'm still amazed at how much misunderstanding there is about the current system of health care" iPresident name talks on hashtag.
Happening now: President name gives his take on hashtag url.
merica has always been a nation of immigrants. Honor that heritage by supporting hashtag reform: url.
If you support comprehensive hashtag reform, now is the time to speak up: url.
nother win for the people of Maryland MT name Baltimore name to aid Obamacare enrollment effort in url.
Comprehensive hashtag reform would reduce the deficit by $850 billion. Show your support for fixing the system: url.
Share your Obamacare experience: url hashtag.
This hashtag join the fight to support raising the minimum wage. url hashtag.
Congratulations to name Never give up on your dreams..
Share how hashtag is helping you and the people you love: url hashtag.
ICYMI: hashtag will ban insurance companies from charging women more than men for the same url.
In this week's address, President Obama commemorates hashtag and pays tribute to merican url.
This Labor Day weekend, add your voice to the movement to raise the minimum wage: url hashtag.
nother great assist from Magic: MT name Don't url that open enrollment for Obamacare officially starts on October 1st..
The President promised if Congress wouldn't take action to prevent gun violence, he would. He's keeping that url.
ICYMI: President Obama spoke at the "Let Freedom Ring" ceremony yesterday. Watch his speech: url hashtag.
Due to the hashtag nearly 20 percent of scientists are considering moving overseas. More from url.
President Obama spoke from the Lincoln Memorial yesterday to honor the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington: url.
t name volunteers are using their artistic side to call on Congress to hashtag immigration reform: url.
griculture Secretary Tom Vilsack explains how our broken hashtag system is harming farmers: url (h/t name.
Before Congress heads back to Washington, tell them why they should hashtag immigration url.
This is your chance to speak outitell Congress they need to hashtag immigration reform. url.
"Change does not come from Washington, but to Washington." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Change has always been built on our willingnessiwe the people." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We might not face the same dangers of 1963, but the fierce urgency of now remains." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"That's where courage comes fromiwhen we turn not from each other or on each other but towards each other." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We can have the courage to change. The March on Washington teaches us that we are not trapped by the mistakes of history." iPresident Obama.
Don't url President Obama is speaking now at the Lincoln Memorial. url hashtag.
President Obama: Those who marched sought "not just the absence of oppression, but the presence of economic opportunity." hashtag.
"On the battlefield of justice, men and women without rank or wealth, or title or fame, would liberate us all." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: Because they marched, the Civil Rights Law was passed. Because they marched the Voting Rights ct was signed. hashtag.
"Because they marched ... merica changed for you and for me." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"They came from every corner of the country ... to petition their government for regress"iPresident Obama on the 1963 march hashtag.
"His words belong to the ages, possessing a power and prophecy unmatched in our time." iPresident Obama on Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr..
Happening now: President Obama speaks at the Lincoln Memorial. Tune in live. url hashtag.
Tune in today: url.
"You could feel the thunder on the ground." n name supporter recalls the 1963 March on Washington: url hashtag.
Today at 2:45 p.m. ET, watch President Obama honor our nation's continued march to greater opportunity: url hashtag.
Today is the 50th anniversary of Dr. King's "I have a dream" speech. Watch the President speak at 2:45 p.m. ET: url.
t 2:45 pm ET, the President will speak from the Lincoln Memorial, honoring the dream Dr. King shared 50 years ago. hashtag.
ICYMI: This ugust, more members of Congress have joined name supporters in supporting hashtag reform. url.
"It should not be a partisan issue." Utah business leaders urge their representative to move on hashtag url.
Tomorrow the President will honor the March on Washington's 50th anniversary from the Lincoln Memorial: url hashtag.
President Obama will honor 50 years of Dr. King's dream by speaking at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow: url hashtag.
FCT: Under Obamacare, you will not have to pay for preventive care like vaccinations and mammograms. hashtag.
Soccer practice at Tully Junior-Senior High url.
dd your name to tell Congress: no more nonsense, and no more threats to shut down the government over url.
"We can't price higher education so prohibitively that ordinary families can't afford it." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Momentum grows as Republican members of Congress endorse pathway to citizenship in hashtag url hashtag.
 if you're glad being a woman will no longer be a pre-existing condition thanks to hashtag url.
Speaking truth to power: Constituents are confronting their representatives about trying to repeal hashtag url.
Have you heard? Some members of Congress want to shut down the government over hashtag Tell them url.
Happy hashtag commemorating 93 years of women's url.
"College has become out of reach for too many people." iPresident Obama. It's time to url.
Thanks for spreading the word. hashtag MT name  name Get affordable coverage starting Oct. 1 url.
Something to look forward to this fall: A new way to get affordable health care coverage. Check it out: url.
DYK: Thanks to hashtag you can use your parents' health insurance until you're 26. Check it out: url.
If you're one of millions of young mericans w/out health insurance, you can get affordable coverage starting Oct. 1 url.
Tattoos not included. MT name 2night the hashtag who can tell me what's dropping Oct 1? Hint: go 2 url.
Starting Oct 1, hashtag makes finding affordable health insurance as simple as shopping onlineiyou pick your plan: url.
Millions of mericans are feeling the benefits of hashtag and it's only going to get better: url.
"We cannot price the middle class out of a college education." iPresident Obama hashtag.
ICYMI: President Obama is working to hashtag for middle class families. Watch this week's url.
"Making college affordableithat makes a difference." iPresident Obama. dd your name to hashtag url.
Watch: President Obama discusses his plan to hashtag for the middle class in this week's url.
ICYMI: President Obama presented a copy of the Ledbetter Fair Pay ct at the historic Seneca Falls url.
President Obama finishes his hashtag bus tour in Scranton, P. Watch live: url.
Thanks to hashtag it's illegal for insurance companies to deny coverage to children with pre-existing conditions. url.
Next stop on the hashtag tour: Binghamton University. Watch now: url.
ICYMI: U.S. wind energy production, a big part of the President's hashtag plan, is at a record high. Read url.
President Obama celebrated his 52nd birthday recentlyiwith a little help from name supporters. url.
Happening now: The President's hashtag tour continues in Syracuse. url.
FCT: 71% of mericans favor increasing the minimum wage. Read more: url via name.
Congress is hearing advocates of hashtag reform loud and clear, says url.
DYK: Rural merica pays more for health care than the rest of the country. Here's how hashtag can help: url.
Retweet if you agree: We need to keep the doors of higher education open to everyone who works for it. We need to hashtag.
"We're going to keep pushing to build a better bargain for everyone in this country who works hard." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Government shouldn't see student loans as a way to make money. They should see it as a way to help students." iPresident Obama.
"Even with good jobs, it took Michelle and me a long time to pay off our student loans." iPresident Obama. We need to hashtag.
President Obama: Colleges that keep tuition down and provide quality education will see their federal funding go up. hashtag.
Today President Obama says he will "shake up the current system" to hashtag url.
"Higher education cannot be a luxury. It's an economic imperative." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Michelle and I are only where we are today because scholarships and student loans gave us a shot" iPresident Obama hashtag.
"College has never been more expensive."iPresident Obama kicking off his bus tour today on why we need to hashtag.
"In a knowledge-based economy, a great education is more important than ever." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"For the past four and a half years, we've been fighting back against a brutal recession."iPresident Obama hashtag.
LIVE: President Obama is in Buffalo talking about how we need to hashtag url.
A preview of President Obama's plan to hashtag by url.
President Obama will be in New York and Pennsylvania today to talk about how to hashtag url.
"Football is in the air. nd I love baseball, but SportsCenter is better when youove also got some football on there." iPresident Obama.
"t Columbine, 12 kids died because of guns, including my son Daniel. Why hasn't Congress made guns a priority?" iTom Mauser hashtag.
Sami is asking Congress: hashtag to act to ensure that families are no longer torn apart by gun url.
It's time for Congress to listen to Tom & other fathers who have lost their children to gun violence. url.
Erica's mom was a hero. hashtag for Congress to honor her memory by passing common-sense gun url.
Sandy and Lonnie lost a daughter in urora. They're asking: hashtag for Congress to url.
Support gun violence prevention: sk Congress hashtag to pass common-sense reform. url.
It's time for Congress to take action to protect our communities and our children. dd your voice: url hashtag.
We can't afford to wait any longer. hashtag for Congress to prevent future url.
Retweet if you agree: It's time for Congress to make gun violence prevention a priority. hashtag.
sk Congress hashtag to act on gun violence prevention: url.
From name "Immigration Reformers are Winning ugust" url hashtag.
Democrat or Republican, hashtag is helping url.
The majority of mericans want action on gun violence preventionihere's why: url hashtag.
Join the fight for common-sense gun violence prevention measures: url sk Congress, hashtag.
When it comes to gun violence prevention, nine in 10 mericans supported expanded background checks. hashtag to get Congress to act?.
Show Congress you expect action on gun violence preventionifind an event near you this week: url hashtag.
Nine in ten mericans supported expanded background checks, but Congress still did nothing. hashtag for them to act?.
Congress has waited too long to take action to protect our communities from gun violence. url.
Welcome to the family, url.
Costs of the hashtag continue to mount: more than 18,000 pre-K employees will be laid url.
People aren't afraid of calling out members of Congress who oppose url.
Check it out: hashtag for young people, and here's how: url via name.
To 42: Your turn to celebrate, name Happy url.
Comprehensive hashtag reform: good for our economy, good for our country. url.
More than 57,000 pre-K children are feeling the affects of the hashtag url.
Take a look at the official card from name supporters to President Obama for his 52nd birthday: url.
Read all about it: OF supporters young and old call out climate deniers. url hashtag.
"Your health insurance isnot something to play politics with. Our economy isnot something to play politics with." iPresident Obama.
President Obama plans to keep hashtag working as it was intended. Watch his weekly url.
FCT: Obamacare ensures you can receive cancer screenings at no cost to you. hashtag.
Thanks to Obamacare, you can receive free preventive care services including annual check ups and cholesterol tests. hashtag.
Raising the minimum wage will benefit the economy as a whole. Join the url.
More calls for a vote on hashtag reform in the Houseithis time, from a Republican url.
Retweet if you agree that hard work should pay off. It's time to raise the minimum url.
It's time for Congress to hashtag and pass immigration url.
We need to give undocumented youth and their families the chance to earn their citizenship. Get involved: url.
That's rightithanks to hashtag your insurance company has to spend at least 80% of your premium on health url.
"The law works." iEveryday families on hashtag Watch OF's new ad. url.
Today is the first anniversary of the start of Deferred ction for Childhood rrivals (DC). Stand with DREMers, hashtag.
Thanks to hashtag refunds are on their way to millions of mericans. Check out name new ad and get the facts: url.
Working 40 hrs/week at the current federal minimum wage, the annual income is $14,500istill below the poverty url.
Join President Obama in calling on Congress to raise the federal minimum wage for millions of url.
While politicians fail to take action, the hashtag is stalling research on life-saving treatments for url.
A special thanks to all the name volunteers who called out hashtag deniers yesterday, demanding Congress take action on climate change..
NY name says "we're getting closer every day" on comprehensive hashtag reform: url hashtag.
Starting in 2014, hashtag will ban insurance companies from charging women more than men for the same coverage..
Providing a pathway to citizenship would mean greater economic benefits for the U.S. than legal status url.
Check it out: A path to earned citizenship for undocumented immigrants brings huge benefits for the U.S. economy. url.
97% of scientists agree hashtag change is happening. Watch name new video calling out deniers in Congress: url.
Tackling hashtag change is one of our greatest economic url.
Too many members of Congress deny the science of hashtag change. Watch name new video calling them out: url.
Today name supporters across the country are calling out hashtag change deniers, and so can you: url.
dd your name to support President Obama's plan to take action against hashtag change: url.
Make sure the hashtag change deniers in Congress hear from you today: url hashtag.
Climate change is hashtag Call out hashtag deniers on Twitter using this name site: url.
Weather-related power outages cost our economy up to $33B over the past ten years. Climate change is making it url.
It's time hashtag change deniers feel the heat. Take action: url hashtag.
Why the World Bank is fighting hashtag url.
From name President Obama sees action on hashtag change as part of his legacy. url hashtag.
Gravity exists. The Earth is round. Climate change is happening. hashtag.
Retweet if you agree: Climate change is real, and it's time for us to act. hashtag.
Climate change is real. url.
We have the chance to meet the challenge of hashtag change. dd your voice url.
DYK: hashtag banned lifetime limits on medical insurance. Now your insurance company can't stop paying for care..
"If Congress won't act, I will." iPresident Obama on meeting the challenge of hashtag change.
Uncle url.
"Seniors have been getting discounts on their prescription drugs. That's happening right now." iPresident Obama on hashtag.
Get inspired to make a difference this month. Watch the highlights from the hashtag summit: url.
"Our economy would be a trillion dollars stronger if we get immigration reform done." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Spread the word: This week, you can hashtag along with name supporters nationwide. url.
If you want to take action on issues that matter, hashtag is for you. Sign up today: url.
hashtag week 1 recap: More GOP congressmen hashtag and support hashtag url.
One week into hashtag name volunteers are making sure Congress hears them. See the press highlights: url.
In this week's address, President Obama speaks about hashtag for homeowners. Watch url.
Watch: President Obama likes signing bills into law. url.
DYK: Thanks to hashtag young people can stay on their parents' medical insurance until they're 26..
It's ugust and name volunteers nationwide are taking action on the issues that matter to them. Get involved: url.
"It feels good signing billsiI haven't done this in a while. Hint, hint." iPresident Obama at the student loans bill signing.
nother Republican Congressman comes out in support of hashtag reform. This time from url.
President Obama to the House of Representatives on hashtag reform: "Get that bill on the floor. Put it up for a vote.".
"The idea that you would shut down the government unless you prevent 30M people from getting health care is a bad idea." iPresident Obama.
Retweet if you agree it's time to raise the minimum wage..
ICYMI: hashtag is in full swing and name supporters are making their voices heard. url.
The first week of hashtag is coming to an end and name supporters are fired up: url.
lejandro Morales is the highest ranking cadet in Chicago JROTC. He wants to be a Marine, but for now he is a url.
Who wears it better? url.
The President wants to give 15 million merican workers a raise. Show your support for increasing the minimum url.
lejandro Morales is a DREMer & a Chicagoan. What he wants to be is a Marine. Watch his story: url hashtag.
"No one who works full-time in merica should have to live in poverty." iPresident Obama on raising the minimum wage. hashtag.
The economic costs of inaction are simply too high to delay. name on the need for hashtag reform url.
In Minnesota, name url are turning up the heat on lawmakers this summer, says the Star url.
House Republicans are hearing the support for hashtag reform: url.
Immigration reform would strengthen the housing market due to stronger demand in areas hit hardest by the recession. hashtag.
Congress is back homeiyou have their ear. Retweet to tell them hashtag on hashtag url.
s Congress heads home for the month, demand progress on the issues that url.
"Semper Fi." iPresident Obama to U.S. Marines at Camp Pendleton.
"Supporting the military means supporting military families." iPresident Obama at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton.
Happening now: President Obama delivers remarks at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton. url.
During the congressional recess, let your representatives hear from you about the challenges facing our url.
Comprehensive immigration reform is a moral imperative and a security imperative. name hashtag.
Retweet if you agree: Homeownership should be a source of security for generations to come. We deserve hashtag.
ll across the nation, people demand progress on hashtag reform. See how name took action: url hashtag.
Do you want to ask President Obama about hashtag for homeowners? Tune in today at 1:00 p.m. ET: url.
President Obama on hashtag "Republicans in the House should stop dragging their feet and get this done.".
Retweet if you agree: It's time to turn the page on an era of housing bubbles and taxpayer bailouts. It's time for hashtag.
Tomorrow at 1:00 p.m. ET: President Obama answers your questions on housing. Submit questions using hashtag url.
FCT: Homeownership provides a foundation for shared economic growth. hashtag.
FCT: Between 2000-2010, immigrants accounted for nearly 40% of new homeowners nationwide. hashtag.
President Obama is ready to work with members of Congress in both parties to enact common-sense housing finance legislation. hashtag.
"We'll make owning a home a symbol of responsibility, not speculation." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"You know before you owe." iPresident Obama on new mortgage application forms being designed by the name.
"Nobody in merica, and certainly no veteran, should be left to live on the street." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: Families should be able to rely on safe and simple mortgage products when making the most important purchase of their lives.
"I want to lay a rock-solid foundation to make sure the kind of [housing] crisis we went through never happens again." iPresident Obama.
"Fixing our broken immigration systemiit would help our broken housing market." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We've got to build a housing system thatos durable and fair and rewards responsibility for generations to come." iPresident Obama.
"We worked with states to force big banks to repay more than $50 billion to more than 1.5 million families." iPresident Obama.
"We helped millions of responsible homeowners stay in their homes." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama on home ownership: It's a place to raise children, put down roots and build savings for college, a business or retirement..
" home is the ultimate evidence that here in merica, hard work pays off and responsibility is rewarded." iPresident Obama.
"Michelle says I don't look a day over 51." iPresident Obama as the crowd in Phoenix sings him "Happy Birthday".
Happening now: President Obama speaks in Phoenix about strengthening the housing market. url hashtag.
48 years ago, President Johnson signed the Voting Rights ct. dd your name to tell Congress to strengthen the url.
President Obama is working to rebuild the merican dream of homeownership. Foreclosures are now the lowest since 2006 url.
The merican dream of homeownership is coming backimerican families are on pace to purchase more than 5M homes this year. hashtag.
Retweet if you agree: Homeownership in merica should be built on a durable and fair system. hashtag.
President Obama has made it safer for responsible mericans to borrow money and purchase their homes. url hashtag.
Our economy would grow by an additional 5.4% compared to the status quo. name on benefits of immigration reform over next 20 years.
For President Obama's birthday, name spent the day spreading the facts about hashtag url.
Congress needs to hashtag and pass comprehensive immigration reform. Show your url.
Today name is putting the House of Representatives on noticeiit's time for hashtag reform. hashtag url.
Retweet to tell the House of Representatives to hashtag and pass immigration reform..
On name name has a message to Spanish-speaking mericans, calling for action on url.
The name on hashtag reform: It's the peopleos turn to push Congress in the right url.
If Congress acts on hashtag reform, real wages will rise, deficits will fall by $800B and our debt will shrink. hashtag.
If Congress acts, weod see a larger labor force, higher productivity and more investments. name on common-sense hashtag reform.
Last call for birthday hashtag is 52. url.
Thanks to Obamacare, 3.1 million young adults who were previously uninsured have gained coverage. url.
hashtag and mericans are already seeing the benefits: url.
Today is President Obama's 52nd birthday. Sign his card and wish him a great url.
"Threatening national default on the bills that Congress has already racked upithatos not an economic url.
This weekend, name volunteers are just getting startedidon't miss your chance to take part in hashtag Join url.
President Obama to Congress: Set aside politics, focus on what really matters, give the middle class url.
Have plans for the month? It's not too late to be part of hashtag You don't want to miss this: url.
Tomorrow is President Obama's birthday. Sign name birthday card and send your best wishes: url.
Good url.
"The only uncertainty about our warming world is how bad the changes will get, and how soon." More from url.
Todd Jones was confirmed as director of the TF this week. Here's why this is a victory for supporters of gun reform: url.
Republican op-ed explains, "There is no longer any credible scientific debate about the basic facts" url hashtag.
Today the House voted to repeal Obamacare for the 40th timeia vote the majority of voters agree is "a waste of url.
While the House takes its 40th vote to repeal hashtag read about 40 ways the law is working for mericans: url.
Republican op-ed from name on hashtag change: "There is no time to waste." url.
Be heard by Congress on the issues that matter. Take action during the congressional recess: url hashtag.
Before the House takes its 40th vote to repeal hashtag read about 40 ways the law is working for mericans: url.
State by state, here are the economic benefits of comprehensive hashtag url.
hashtag url.
"I will continue to stand with the majority of mericans who support common-sense reforms" iPresident Obama, hashtag on gun violence.
This month, have your voice heard loud and clear. Join hashtag today: url.
Find out all about name plans for the ugust congressional recess, and how you can be part of url.
The mazon Kindle Singles interview with President Obama on hashtag is available now for free: url hashtag.
Visit url MT name Want to hashtag awesome for your future? Get info on all the hashtag benefits.
On Sunday, President Obama turns 52. Sign the official name card url.
In an interview yesterday, President Obama shared his thoughts on fighting for hashtag It's free to download url.
"Jobs. Middle class. Growth." iPresident Obama hashtag.
FCT: Federal agencies reduced greenhouse gas emissions by more than 15% from 2008-2012iequal to taking 1.5M cars off the road hashtag.
Sea levels are rising due to hashtag change, potentially threatening U.S. cities: url We have to hashtag.
url.
Check it out: The restaurant industry is growing, and average hours are up. hashtag url.
The TF needs strong leadership to help protect our communities from gun violence. Todd Jones is the right choice: url.
We can grow our economy and create jobs without adding to the deficit. Here's how: url hashtag.
In Tennessee today, President Obama challenged Congress to pass a real jobs plan for the middle class. hashtag.
"40 meaningless votes to repeal Obamacare is not a jobs plan ... So let's get serious." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"If folks in Washington really want a 'grand bargain,' how about a grand bargain for middle-class jobs?" iPresident Obama.
"We canot allow an impasse over long-term fiscal challenges to distract us from what the middle class needs right now." iPresident Obama.
"Thereos no better place to do business than right here in the United States of merica." iPresident Obama hashtag.
" job is a source of pride and dignityithe way you support your family, the proof that youore doing the right thing." iPresident Obama.
"We should be doing everything we can as a country to create more good jobs that pay decent wages." iPresident Obama hashtag.
" housing finance system that makes it easier and safer to buy and build new homesithatos about jobs." iPresident Obama.
Don't url to tune in at 2:00 p.m. ET to hear how President Obama plans to boost middle-class job creation. url.
Today President Obama speaks in Chattanooga about hashtag for the middle class. Watch live at 2:00 p.m. ET: url.
If you want your representatives to hear from you on the issues that matter most, this is your url.
FCT: gricultural output will improve in rural areas if Congress passes comprehensive immigration reform. hashtag.
The month of ugust is your chance to pressure lawmakers to make progress for our country. url.
FCT: Economists predict hashtag reform could boost farm output by $2 billion in 2014..
Raising minimum wage will lift mericans out of poverty and create more consumers to fuel the economy url hashtag.
"If the economy is growing, everybody feels invested." Read the name interview with President url.
If you want to let your representatives know where you stand on challenges facing our country, this is your url.
You should watch this: President Obama speaks to name url and volunteers at the ction ugust summit: url.
Make sure your voice is heard during the ugust congressional recess. Learn about how you can get involved today: url.
While lawmakers are home for congressional recess, name will be there to meet them. Be a part of the effort: url.
More good news about the new health care marketplaces opening on Oct 1, this time from Maryland: url hashtag.
"Korea taught us that as a people we are stronger when we stand as one." iPresident Obama on heroism of integrated units in the Korean War.
Watch the President's weekly address to find out more about how he's building hashtag for the middle url.
Because of hashtag Maryland is set to have insurance rates that are among the lowest in U.S.: url.
Watch the new name ad about the President's plan for our economy: url hashtag.
Rock 'n url.
President Obama: "Repealing Obamacare and cutting spending is not an economic plan." We deserve hashtag url.
A strong economy grows from the middle out. Watch name new ad about hashtag for hard working mericans: url.
hashtag name "I came to this work because families like mine are still working hard for their piece of the merican dream" hashtag.
hashtag for hard working mericans. Watch the new OF ad and find out how the President is working for you: url.
Retweet if you think the economy should grow from the middle out, not the top down. hashtag.
"We celebrate the D's lasting legacy as a pillar of civil rights." iPresident Obama on the anniversary of mericans with Disabilities ct.
New CBO report shows hashtag will cost U.S. economy up to 1.6 million jobs by January 2015 unless Congress acts: url.
Retweet if you agree middle-class mericans deserve the chance to retire with dignity. hashtag.
If you care about hashtag reform, pick up the phone. Call your representative today: url.
"We're all mericans first and no party has a monopoly on good ideas" iPresident Obama on need for bipartisan efforts toward hashtag.
"We're poised to be able to finally reverse some of the forces that were hurting middle class families for so long." iPresident Obama.
President Obama in Jacksonville: the merican Dream is beginning to stallihis plans for hashtag aim to reignite the middle class..
Tune in live as the President speaks about creating hashtag in Jacksonville. Watch now: url.
Your representative in the House needs to hear from you about comprehensive hashtag reform. Call them url.
Now is your chance to tell your representative in the House that you support hashtag reform. Call them today: url.
Find out more about the President's plan to build hashtag for the middle class: url.
The merican middle class deserves hashtag Learn about the President's plan: url.
"You can make it here in merica if you're trying hard. That's what a college education can be all about." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"You can't threaten not to pay the bills this country racked up." iPresident Obama on the need for a sensible approach to deficits and debt.
President Obama is focused on: "Tackling college costs, creating more good jobs, establishing a better bargain for middle class families.".
President Obama praises U. of Central Missouri for their innovative approach to making education accessible & affordable. hashtag.
President Obama: If we don't invest in merican education, we put our kids, workers, & businesses at a competitive disadvantage..
"We've got to get student loan interest rates back down." iPresident Obama, affordable education is essential to hashtag.
hashtag Every child gets a fair shot with access to good education..
"We've got to get moving ... I'm not going to wait for Congress." iPresident Obama on providing mericans with hashtag.
"When the economy is working for the middle class families, it solves an awful lot of other problems." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama says we need hashtag "to give every merican the chance to get ahead in the 21st century." url.
Happening now: President Obama dives into the importance of education to create hashtag url.
President Obama's number one priority for the rest of his presidency? hashtag for the middle url.
"No matter who you are, what you look like, where you come from or who you loveiyou can make it if you try."iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We donot call it Johnos dream or Susieos dream or Barackos dream or Pat's dreamiwe call it the merican Dream." iPresident Obama.
"I care about one thing and one thing only  to make this country work for working mericans again." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"If you have better ideas ... stop taking meaningless repeal votes and share your concrete ideas with the country." iPresident Obama.
President Obama to Congress: "You can't just be against somethingiyou've got to be for something.".
"I will keep making the case that we need to raise [the] minimum wage." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"I am laying out my ideas to give the middle class a better shot." iPresident Obama on giving the merican people hashtag.
"We've got to rebuild ladders of opportunity for all those mericans who haven't made it yet." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Insurance companies will finally have to cover you, and charge you the same rates as everybody else." iPresident Obama on hashtag.
President Obama on health care, "Neither illness nor accident should threaten the dreams youove worked a lifetime to build." hashtag.
"The fourth cornerstone of what it means to be middle class in this country is a secure retirement." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Weoll work with both parties tobuild a housing finance system thatos rock-solid for future generations." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"The key now is to encourage homeownership that isnot based on unrealistic bubbles [but] on a solid foundation." iPresident Obama.
hashtag for the middle class: jobs, education, home ownership, retirement, health care and more url.
"Sales are up, prices are up and fewer mericans see their homes underwater." iPresident Obama: everyone should have a chance to own a home.
" home of your own has always been the clearest expression of middle-class security." iPresident Obama hashtag.
On education, President Obama will: "shake up the system, tackle rising costs & improve value for middle-class students and their families.".
"If you think education is expensive, wait until you see how much ignorance costs in the 21st century." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Letos tell the world that merica is open for business." iPresident Obama wants hashtag for url.
"Over the past couple of years in particular, Washington hasnot just ignored the problemitoo often, itos made things worse."iPresident Obama.
"The good news is, a growing number of Republican Senators are trying to get things done." iPresident Obama.
"When the rungs on the ladder of opportunity grow farther and farther apart, it undermines the very essence of merica." iPresident Obama.
"Growing inequality isnot just morally wrong; itos bad economics." iPresident Obama.
"dd it all up, and over the past 40 months, our businesses have created 7.2 million new jobs." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We saved the auto industry, took on a broken health care system, we invested in new merican technologies" iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Today, five years after the start of that Great Recession, merica has fought its way back." iPresident Obama on building hashtag.
President Obama: "Income of the top 1% nearly quadrupled from 1979 to 2007, but the typical familyos barely budged." We need hashtag.
Happening now: President Obama is giving a major economic speech. Watch it live. url hashtag.
Watch this special previewiPresident Obama hits the road today to discuss rebuilding a rising, thriving middle url.
Check this out: New video from President Obama telling name supporters about efforts to help our middle class thrive. url.
Watch this video: A special preview of President Obama's speech on the economy, planned for later today. url.
Pass it on: President Obama has a special video for you. Watch now and RSVP to tune in to his speech later today. url.
Happy National Hot Dog Day. Ketchup or mustard? (There's a right url.
A Louisville salute for the 2013 NC men's basketball champion url.
You have a chance to make your voice heard this ugust. Find out more: url.
name on President Obama's economic speech tomorrow: "Tune in ... I donot think youoll be url.
You're going to want to watch this speech. url.
Tune in tomorrow to hear the President's plan for continuing to build a strong, thriving middle class: url.
Tomorrow President Obama will speak on "creating and building a rising, thriving, active, growing middle class" More: url.
"Thank you very much, OF. I love you guys. Keep it up!" iPresident Obama. Stay fired up with url.
"Ultimately, what you do day to day, away from the TV cameras, thatos what is going to make a powerful difference." iPresident Obama to name.
Make your voice heard during the congressional recess. Pledge to be a part of hashtag url.
Wednesday, the President will speak about the importance of an economy that puts the middle class front and center: url.
Retweet to show your support for Congress restoring voting protections to the hashtag.
"So pleased to congratulate The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on the joyous occasion of the birth of their first child." iPresident Obama.
Voting is a basic merican right. dd your name to say you support restoring the Voting Rights url.
In 2013, name volunteers have held more than 6,500 local events, putting pressure on lawmakers to fight for url.
It's time to take a stand for our planet and our children's future. dd your name to hashtag today: url.
Will you stand with the President and hashtag dd your voice today: url.
Thank you to 3.1 million name volunteers & supporters making sure the voices of mericans are heard in Washington: url.
"Helen Thomas was a true pioneer, opening doors and breaking down barriers for generations of women in journalism." iPresident Obama.
The best way for Congress to honor the victims of urora is to pass common-sense gun violence prevention measures. url.
Today we honor the victims of the urora shooting. url.
"Difficult and challenging as this whole episode has been... I donot want us to lose sight that things are getting better." iPresident Obama.
"Trayvon Martin could have been me 35 years ago." iPresident Obama.
A powerful statement by President Obama url.
FCT: 78% of mericans agree with increasing energy efficiency standards for new appliances and buildings (via name hashtag.
Congress needs to finish the job on immigration reform. Get the facts: url hashtag.
FCT: 75% of mericans want to hashtag to strengthen communities against effects of climate change like flood, drought & fire. name.
On immigration, President Obama said our increasing Latino population should be a source of pride and strength. url.
This week, President Obama addressed Spanish-speaking TV viewers in a "Live from the White House" special: url.
Today the Senate confirmed Gina McCarthy as head of the name This is a victory for common-sense environmental policy..
FCT: 79% of mericans support increased fuel efficiency standards for new vehicles (via name We must hashtag.
hashtag for url.
hashtag for young url.
hashtag for url.
hashtag for our url.
"ffordable health care is not some privilege just for the few, it's a basic right everybody should be able to enjoy." iPresident Obama.
"What we've seen is that health care costs have slowed drastically in some areas since we passed the ffordable Care ct." iPresident Obama.
"In 2012, 13 million rebates went out"iPresident Obama on benefits provided to health insurance customers thanks to the ffordable Care ct..
"If you're one of the 85% of mericans who already have insurance, you already have an array of new benefits in place." iPresident Obama.
Thanks to the ffordable Care ct, "you're getting more value for every dollar you spend on your health care."iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama on benefits of hashtag "Hundreds of thousands of New Yorkers who don't have insurance will finally be able to afford it".
"Every day across the country... there are people who are working as we speak to implement the affordable care act." iPresident Obama.
President Obama is speaking about the economic benefits of hashtag Tune in: url.
Watch President Obama discuss how hashtag is working at 11:25 ET: url.
"Michelle and I extend our warmest wishes and prayers to Nelson Mandela on the occasion of his 95th birthday." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Happening now: name discusses immigration reform on CSPN & Twitter. Tweet questions for members on the floor using hashtag.
Retweet if you agree: The House should be focusing on hashtag trying to keep mericans from getting health care at a lower cost..
Instead of reforming hashtag the House today is trying to keep millions of mericans from getting better health care at a lower cost..
ICYMI: See why hashtag reform means great things for the economy. url hashtag.
uHealth insurance has suddenly become affordable in New York." Read more from name on how hashtag is url.
Because of hashtag health insurance premiums are set to fall 50% in New York. More from name url.
"Families, many of them hard-pressed, have money in their pockets...because of the work that Rich and his team is doing." iPresident Obama.
"The CFPB has already addressed more than 175,000 complaints from all across the nationigiving people an advocate." iPresident Obama.
"This is making a difference in the lives of the merican people." iPresident Obama on the name.
"It's hard to argue with success." iPresident Obama on the confirmation of Richard Cordray as director of the name.
"Last night, Richard Cordray was finally confirmed by the U.S. Senate to continue serving as merica's consumer watchdog." iPresident Obama.
75% of mericansiDemocrats & Republicansiagree that legal status for undocumented immigrants would help the url.
ll-Star Game tonight. L or NL? hashtag.
Retweet if you believe Congress should finish the job on hashtag reform. hashtag.
The economic benefits of hashtag reform versus the cost of inaction: url hashtag.
Obamacare is bringing health insurance within reach for people who need it. More from the url.
President Obama is acting on hashtag change. Say you'll join him: url hashtag.
Climate change is real. Say you'll join President Obama in taking action: url url.
Retweet if you think we should eliminate wasteful tax breaks for the oil and gas industry, saving merican taxpayers $4 billion a year..
Immigration reform would add more than 3.2 million new jobs and strengthen Social Security. url hashtag.
The hashtag continues to impact our communities. This map from name explains how and url.
"Tell your Representatives that now is the time." iPresident Obama url hashtag.
When politicians try to get in the way of a woman and her doctor, it's time to hashtag url.
Retweet if you hashtag tonight..
Welcoming a url.
More than 237,000 people have chipped in so far to help build name with an average donation of $55: url.
FCT: Since President Obama took office, mericaos dependence on foreign oil has decreased every year. hashtag.
If Congress won't hashtag President Obama will. Show your support: url.
Old school. url.
Retweet if you agree it's time to url.
"Those who already feel the effects of a changing climate donot have time to deny ititheyore busy dealing with it." iPresident Obama.
Stand up for our planet and our future. hashtag url.
FCT: Here in the U.S., 2012 was the warmest year in recorded history. Let's hashtag for our planet's future: url.
Because of Obamacare, insurance companies will no longer be able to charge women more than men for the same coverage. hashtag.
Watch how hashtag reform is good for our country and url.
If enacted, Senate hashtag reform bill would add nearly $300B to the Social Security Trust Fund over the next decade..
Retweet if you agree that the time is now for immigration reform. hashtag.
hashtag reform would benefit our economy, reducing the federal budget deficit by nearly $850B over 20 url.
hashtag Move immigration reform forward to streamline ways for highly skilled workers to build businesses and jobs in the U.S..
Did you know the Senate hashtag reform bill provides protections for merican workers? More: url hashtag.
The Senate-passed hashtag bill would strengthen the overall economy and grow GDP. More: url hashtag.
It's time for our representatives to act on comprehensive immigration reform. url.
The time is now for the House to take up immigration reform. dd your voice and let's url.
Interactive map shows votes against hashtag change action are from districts most affected by soaring temps: url.
Our nation deserves comprehensive, compassionate immigration reform. Time to hashtag url.
Now that the Senate has passed immigration reform, it's time for the House to take the baton. url hashtag.
Remember the Recovery ct? It included the largest clean energy investment in history. hashtag.
"I wish Muslims across merica & around the world a month blessed with the joys of family, peace & understanding." iPresident Obama hashtag.
We hashtag to save the planet, grow our economy, create jobs and reduce carbon pollution. Will you url.
FCT: More than 25 U.S. states have set energy efficiency targets. Let's hashtag and make it all 50. url.
Did you know? Electricity generated from clean energy sources like wind and solar has doubled under President Obama. hashtag.
"We, the people, recognize that this government belongs to us ... we can't just sit on the sidelines." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"Taxpayers deserve the biggest bang for their buckiespecially at a time when budgets are tight." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We found ways to deliver the services that citizens expect in smarter and faster ways." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama spoke today on hashtag Ways to make government smarter, more efficient and more innovative..
The threat of hashtag change is real and is not going away. If Congress won't act, President Obama will: url.
The time is now for comprehensive hashtag reform. What will reform mean to the people in your life?.
We are a nation of immigrants. Let's honor the hashtag by fixing our broken immigration url.
We're closer than ever to hashtag reform. dd your voice and tell the House it's time: url.
Have a great url.
url.
How are you and your family celebrating this Independence Day?.
Happy Fourth, url.
Retweet if you agree: Our country deserves a working hashtag system, and immigration reform deserves a vote in the House..
Don't let the House fail to fix our broken hashtag system. hashtag add your name: url.
Don't let the House keep families apart. We deserve an hashtag system that works..
Historic moment: On this day in 1964, former U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the Civil Rights ct into url.
Health insurance premium rebates averaging nearly $100 per family are on their way to 8.5M mericans. url hashtag.
"They were heroes..." Read President Obama's statement on the firefighter tragedy in url.
Today is the last day to enter to meet President Obama backstage. Sign up to win a free url.
Join name today, and keep this movement for progress strong: url.
Our country made amazing progress this weekibut there is still work to do. Help keep the momentum going, chip in $5: url.
Want to meet the President ... for free? Enter now through name url.
A movement of millions elected President Obamainow the fight for change continues. Chip in $5 to support name url.
This hug could be yours when you go backstage to meet the President. Enter for free now: url.
"Our generation must move toward a global compact to confront a changing climate before it is too late." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Proud of what our country accomplished this week? You can be part of the movement keeping it goingichip in $5 today: url.
No need for hashtag Enter now, for free, to meet the url.
What a week: url.
"We canot just drill our way out of the energy and climate challenge that we face. Thatos not possible." iPresident Obama hashtag.
One year ago today, the Supreme Court upheld hashtag See how it's working for mericans today: url.
You + President Obama = epic selfie. This could be you if you win. irfare and hotel included: url.
The moments that shape our country are happening nowithis is the time to get involved. Show your support today: url.
Why do you want to meet the President? Here's your chance, make sure to enter before Sunday, June 30: url.
ICYMI: Through name you could win free airfare to meet the President. url.
Happening now: Online screening of the powerful documentary, url.
Sign up for a chance to meet President Obama backstage at an upcoming event. Winners receive free airfare: url.
President Obama on hashtag reform: "We have a unique opportunity to fix our broken system ... We just need Congress to finish the job.".
On to the House. hashtag.
Retweet if you agree the Senate should pass immigration reform today. hashtag.
The Senate is set to vote on hashtag reform today. Be a part of the fight to pass a comprehensive url.
Join tonight's online screening of the name tweet questions to a live panel using hashtag url.
Things we know: Failing to act now on hashtag change would betray our children and future generations. hashtag.
Have you signed up for your chance to meet the President? name will fly winners to meet him backstage. url.
FCT: hashtag in Houston, Texas, has helped add $25,000 to the value of the average home over the last 10 years. h/t name.
Your free chance to meet the President. No catch, just sign up here: url.
hashtag reform is a bipartisan issue, something we can all get behind. dd your name url.
RSVP now for Thursday's name online screening, followed by a live panel. Tweet questions using hashtag url.
Retweet if you believe everyone should be able to marry the person they love. url.
 from a year ago name "Same-sex couples should be able to get married." iPresident Obama.
"We're proud of you guys." iPresident Obama from ir Force One, congratulating Prop 8 plaintiffs on their win hashtag.
hashtag url.
Today's DOM ruling is a historic step forward for hashtag hashtag.
Something special is happening in ustin tonight: url hashtag.
You can win a free trip to go backstage and meet President Obamaiall you have to do is sign up url.
Dj vu? If Congress doesn't act by 7/1, interest rates on 7 million new student loans will increase by nearly $1K. hashtag.
Thursday is your chance to catch a free online screening of name followed by a live panel. Don't miss out: url.
The threat of climate change will not resolve itself. We must act now for the sake of our children and grandchildren. hashtag.
"Can we imagine a more worthy goal?" President Obama discusses the importance of leaving a better world for our children if we hashtag.
"Push back on misinformation, speak up for the facts." iPresident Obama urges you to hashtag for a better future for our planet..
"We don't have time for a meeting of the Flat Earth Society." iPresident Obama on those who continue to deny the science on hashtag change.
"I am willing to work with anybody...to combat this threat on behalf of our kids." iPresident Obama on the essential need to hashtag.
"I'm convinced this is a fight that merica must lead. But it will require all of us to do our part." url hashtag.
President Obama: "If we can come together and get this right, we can define a sustainable future for your generation." hashtag.
"We have to all shoulder the responsibility for keeping the planet habitable, or we'll suffer the consequences together." iPresident Obama.
"The world still looks to merica to lead... We've got a vital role to playiwe can't stand on the sidelines." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We need to build smarter, more resilient infrastructure." iPresident Obama on ways to hashtag to protect against natural disasters.
"Today I am setting a new goal. Your federal government will consume 20% of its energy from renewable resources." iPresident Obama.
We need to come together to hashtag "75% of all wind energy in this country is generated in Republican districts." iPresident Obama.
President Obama: "We can figure this out...as long as we don't fear the future and instead we seize it." hashtag.
"The idea of setting higher pollution standards for our power plants is not new." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"This plan begins with cutting carbon pollution by changing the way we use energy." iPresident Obama on steps to hashtag.
"This is a challenge that does not pause for partisan gridlock. It demands our attention now." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"s a president, as a father, and as an merican, I'm here to say: We need to act." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"mericans across the country are already paying the price of inaction." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We know that the cost of these events can be measured in lost lives and lost livelihoods, lost homes and lost businesses." iPresident Obama.
"These are facts... in a world that is warmer than it used to be, all weather events are affected by a warming planet."iPresident Obama.
"It was important for me to speak directly to your generation."iPresident Obama on how hashtag will have a profound impact on our future.
"If Congress wonot act soon to protect future generations, I will." Today, President Obama takes action on hashtag change..
Today's Supreme Court decision on the hashtag is a setback, but it does not mean the end of our efforts to stop voting discrimination..
7 out of 10 mericans support limiting carbon emissions from power plants: url hashtag.
"This is the global threat of our time...We have to get to work." iPresident Obama on climate change. hashtag.
Congrats, name Thanks for bringing the Stanley Cup back to Chicago..
Today at 1:35 p.m. ET: Don't miss President Obama's announcement on hashtag change..
President Obama promised to take action on hashtag change. Tomorrow, see how he is keeping his url.
Education should be both affordable and accessible. Tell Congress hashtag to protect student loan interest rates from increasing..
Immigrants are part of our hashtag common-sense hashtag reform is part of our future economic url.
Today, President Obama met with business leaders to discuss the importance of hashtag as a contributor to economic growth..
Innovation is vital to a clean energy future. Watch these fourth graders create a solar-powered classroom: url hashtag.
Join us Thursday for an online screening & panel of name a documentary following four DREMers. RSVP url.
Retweet if you're excited to hear what President Obama has to say about hashtag change in tomorrow's big speech..
Our 40 million immigrants add $3.7 trillion to the value of homes across the country. More from name url.
"This is a serious challenge. But it's one uniquely suited to merica's strengths." iPresident Obama on hashtag change.
Retweet if you agree: We must do more to respond to the threat of hashtag url.
Tuesday: President Obama delivers a major speech on hashtag change. Be sure to tune in: url.
Will you stand with President Obama in the fight against hashtag change? Tune in on url.
Don't you wish every day was Take Your Dog to Work url.
Help keep up the momentum for comprehensive hashtag dd your name today: url.
Just 10 days left to say hashtag to Congress and protect student loan interest from increasing for nearly 7 million new students..
FCT: President Obama has supported lending to >166K small businesses through community banks, state-run loan programs and the SB. hashtag.
Congratulations name the greatest goal scorer in the history of women's socceriyou've made your country proud. hashtag.
Nothing better than a Game 7 for all the marbles. Will you be watching tonight? hashtag.
DYK: President Obama has passed 18 direct tax cuts for small businesses. hashtag More: url.
FCT: Obamacare allows young adults to stay on their parents' health insurance plans until they reach age 26. hashtag.
Don't miss your chance to attend a free screening of name a powerful documentary on hashtag in merica: url.
Retweet if you agree: It is important to support small businesses to help create jobs for the U.S., now and in the future. hashtag.
The simple url.
FCT: In 2014, Obamacare will expand Medicaid to nearly all adults with incomes up to 138% of the poverty level. hashtag.
"I support the right of all mericans to marry the person they love." iSenator name.
More momentum for marriage equality: name says mericans should be able to love and marry whom they choose. url.
If you support deficit reduction, you should support hashtag dd your url.
Retweet to spread the word: The CBO report shows that hashtag is a common-sense way to grow our economy and reduce the deficit..
FCT: Small businesses create two out of every three new jobs in the U.S. hashtag name.
"Small businesses represent some of our country's core values: risk-taking, ingenuity, and hard work." url hashtag.
Some members of Congress are still trying to put politics between a woman and her doctor. Say you won't stand for url.
Today the House passed another in a long line of dangerous attacks on women's health care. Tell them that's hashtag url.
Today's non-partisan CBO report says hashtag will reduce the deficit by nearly $1 trillion over 20 url.
Find a free screening of name and get to know the DREMers fighting for hashtag url.
name "Today's immigrants are acculturating and moving up the economic ladder just like previous url.
"No matter how long it takes, we're determined to do something about it." iVP Joe Biden on gun violence prevention.
"Since Newtown, more people have died at the end of a gun than we have lost in fghanistan."iVP Joe Biden.
"The country has changed. You will pay a political price for not getting engaged and dealing with gun safety." iVP Joe Biden.
"We need to make sure the voices of those we've lost are the loudest ones we hear in this fight." iVP Joe Biden on gun violence prevention.
"Women should be able to make their own choices about their bodies." iObama dministration on H.R. 1797 url.
Read the Obama dministration's statement on the House bill to limit women's access to reproductive care: url.
This week marks the 50th National Small Business Week. Did you know small businesses employ 1/2 the nation's workforce? hashtag name.
FCT: s of June 2012, more than 3 million young adults have gained health insurance because of Obamacare. hashtag.
Bo sighting: name has "The 42 Best Photos Ever Taken of White House url.
"merica's small businesses reflect the best of who we are as a nation." iPresident Obama on the 50th National Small Business Week hashtag.
Obamacare has invested more than $200 million in funding for school-based health centers to serve youth nationwide. hashtag.
House GOP wants to slash renewable energy investments in half: url The President's plan? Lead the world in clean energy..
hashtag puts the health of your family first. Watch the new name ad and get the facts: url.
On this date in 1885, the Statue of Liberty arrived on our shores. Let's honor the opportunity she represents by passing hashtag.
Retweet if you agree: Our immigration system should help unite families as quickly as possible. hashtag.
Happy Father's url.
"I try every day to be for Michelle and my girls what my father was not for my mother and me." iPresident url.
Retweet if you agree that DREMers are part of the hashtag hashtag.
Deferred ction for Childhood rrivals allows young people who are merican in every way except on paper to keep DREMing. hashtag.
Happy Flag Day, merica. "Wherever our merican journey has taken us... Old Glory has followed." iPresident url.
"If you're from Indiana, you'd better have a good basketball team." iPresident Obama welcoming WNB champs name to the White House.
Retweet this to tell hashtag families: We have not url we will not give up, we are hashtag.
Today name volunteers are honoring the victims of Newtown by telling Congress they're url.
Retweet if you agree that the best way to honor 26 hashtag victims is for Congress to pass common-sense gun violence legislation..
Six months ago, the tragedy in hashtag shook us to our core. Tell Congress today that you're url.
Six months ago today, 26 families in Newtown were torn apart by gun violenceiand Congress has done nothing. Shame on us if we've url.
Don't miss name encore performance of the national anthem at the hashtag in San ntonio tonight..
"We know from our own history that change happens because people push to make it happen." iPresident Obama. You url.
"We need to get it done now." iPresident Obama on taking action in support of hashtag.
"We're not going to have to wait that long ... it's clear we're reaching a turning point."iPresident Obama on hashtag today..
A Father's Day hashtag President John F. Kennedy with his children in the url.
No one should ever have to go bankrupt because they get sick. Take a standiand get a free hashtag url.
The fight to improve access to health care isn't over. Say you're in: url hashtag.
mericans are hashtag on gun safety. Honor the six-month anniversary of hashtag at an name event near you: url.
Big news: Polls across 29 states show huge support for the Senate hashtag bill. Let's get this url.
Tomorrow will be six months since hashtag Congress still has done nothing to prevent gun violence. Those 26 families deserve better..
Want to help tell the story of how hashtag is helping millions of mericans? Vote for your favorite sticker now: url.
Every workplace has folks from somewhere else with an hashtag to tell. The name is no exception. url.
Retweet if you agree: A clear, effective legal hashtag system will create jobs and encourage innovation..
On hashtag nobody will get everything they want. "The bill before the Senate isnot perfect. Itos a compromise." iPresident Obama.
President Obama on hashtag "Our out-of-date immigration system has actually harmed our economy and threatened our security.".
We can't miss this chance to fix our broken immigration system. Debate in the Senate begins todayishow your url.
Great progress made today: Senate overwhelmingly voted to bring hashtag to debate. Let's fix this broken system..
Retweet if you agree: Smart hashtag will benefit our economy and keep families together. Let's get it done..
Senate votes to move forward with hashtag bill. Let's get this done, Congress. Do the right thing..
We can do better than an out-of-date immigration system. The Senate's bipartisan hashtag bill is an important step forward..
Retweet if you agree that we can do better than our broken immigration system. The time for reform is now. hashtag.
hashtag means "smarter enforcement, a pathway to earned citizenship, improvements to the legal system." iPresident Obama.
"We owe it to merica to do better. We owe it to the DREMers to do better." iPresident Obama.
"Over the past two decades, our immigration system hasn't kept pace with changing times." iPresident Obama.
"To truly deal with this issue, Congress needs to act. nd that moment is now." iPresident Obama on hashtag.
"There's no reason Congress can't get this done by the end of the summer." iPresident Obama live now on comprehensive hashtag.
President Obama: hashtag "is about incredible young people who understand themselves to be mericans.".
DREMers were brought to this country through no fault of their own. Time to give them a chance to be part of the hashtag.
"If weore going to truly fix a broken system, we need Congress to act in a comprehensive way." iPresident Obama on hashtag.
Retweet if you agree: hashtag must provide a path to earned citizenship for the 11 million undocumented immigrants already here..
Happy to welcome name to Twitter. Stay tuned for the real hashtag.
n important step: Read about the new US agreement with China to reduce super-pollutants and combat hashtag url.
Retweet if you believe women deserve hashtag No more wage discrimination..
"I want every child to grow up knowing that a womanos hard work is valued and rewarded just as much as any manos."iPresident Obama hashtag.
The Paycheck Fairness ct will give women better tools to fight for hashtag It's time for Congress to act..
FCT: The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay ct was the first bill signed into law by President Obama. url.
"When more women are bringing home the bacon, they shouldnot just be getting a little bit of bacon." iPresident Obama on hashtag.
President Obama on hashtag Our journey isn't over "until our wives, our mothers, our daughters can earn a living equal to their efforts.".
"There is not a single issue out there where I look at it and I say we can't make progress" iPresident Obama. Join url.
President Obama on the merican people: "We have a sense of energy and dynamism and creativity that is not matched anywhere in the world.".
It's time to double down in the fight for smart immigration reform. dd your name to say you url.
Big congratulations to all hashtag starting today. Let's get to it..
In his weekly address, President Obama focuses on the start of hashtag debate in the Senate. url.
Have a great weekend, url.
hashtag could be a "boon" for the housing market, generating 3 million new home buyers. More via url.
dd your name: Say you hashtag today. url Let's double down in the fight for comprehensive immigration reform..
Retweet if you hashtag Yesterday's House vote does not represent our values..
Yesterday, 224 members of Congress voted to deport DREMers. dd your voice and say that you url.
178,000 new private-sector jobs in May & 39 straight months of job growth. That's progress, but we can't let up url.
hashtag More than 71 million mericans now have access to free screenings for mental health problems..
mericans are seeing the benefits of hashtag every day. Here are their stories on url.
"Quality care is not something that should be a privilege. It should be a right." iPresident Obama on hashtag hashtag.
"No matter what, every single consumer will be covered by the protections of this law, permanently." iPresident Obama on hashtag.
"Competition and choice are pushing down costs in the individual market, just like the law is designed to do" iPresident Obama on hashtag.
"Insurance companies will have to compete with each other for your business. nd that means new choices." iPresident Obama on hashtag.
FCT: In 2012, more than 13 million people received health insurance rebates thanks to ffordable Care ct. hashtag.
FCT: Under hashtag insurance companies are required to spend 80-85% of premium dollars on medical care and health care quality improvement..
The House of Representatives voted yesterday to deport the DREMers. This is not who we are as a country. hashtag.
"In a country where we expect free wifi with our coffee, why shouldn't we have it in our schools?" iPresident Obama in North Carolina today.
"I want to see a tablet that's the same price as a textbook." iPresident Obama, announcing hashtag for url.
Smart hashtag will retain talent and help promising foreign graduate students stay in the U.S. Read more: url.
 if you agree that providing undocumented immigrants with a fair path to earned citizenship is a must for common-sense hashtag.
"This is where they want to be." To keep talented entrepreneurs in merica, hashtag is a must. See url.
Making sure that employers play by the same rules is an essential part of smart, comprehensive hashtag url.
"For comprehensive immigration reform to work, it must be clear from the outset that there is a pathway to citizenship." iPresident Obama.
On hashtag mericans across the country are still running hashtag.
Retweet if you believe in hashtag The smartest investment we can make as a nation is in our children..
Success for the next generation starts with early education. Every child deserves a strong start. url.
Under hashtag each name program delivers an average of 364 fewer meals per week to seniors in url.
Streamlining our visa system will ensure that businesses can hire the best and the brightest. url.
Your voice is as important now as ever. Make sure you are heard in the fight for change: url.
It's hashtag time. Who do you likeiHeat or url.
s hurricane season begins, name is highlighting the hashtag How much does inaction cost you? Go here: url.
name volunteers agree, "there are too many important issues for us to walk away now." Get involved: url.
Be a part of bringing about real change every day through name Watch this video: url.
FCT: hashtag expands Medicaid, which is currently the largest funder of mental health services in the country. hashtag.
FCT: With hashtag & other efforts, mental health benefits are being expanded to 62 million mericans. hashtag (via name.
If you have student loans, tweet hashtag today, and let Congress know how the upcoming rate hike would affect you..
On the passing of Senator Lautenberg: "He improved the lives of countless mericans."iPresident Obama.
"We want to let people living with mental health challenges know that they are not alone."iPresident Obama hashtag.
uChange comes about because people are activated, people are involved.u iPresident Obama. Get involved url.
Happy LGBT Pride Month. Look at how far we've come this year in the fight for url.
VIDEO: Go behind the scenes with name and see how volunteers are making a difference. Watch: url hashtag.
If increased student loan rates will affect you, make sure Congress hears about it. Tweet hashtag url.
 if you agree that 7 million students who rely on Stafford loans to finance their education shouldnot face higher debt. hashtag.
hashtag name.
"Higher education cannot be a luxury for a privileged few." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We cannot price the middle class... out of a college education." iPresident Obama hashtag.
nyone with student loan debt needs to see this video: url Watch and share it with friends. hashtag.
"The time has come for common-sense, comprehensive immigration reform." iPresident Obama. Show your url.
merica's national parks have scaled back services due to hashtag budget cuts. Hear url.
"I donot have much patience for people who deny climate change." iPresident Obama.
The time is now for comprehensive hashtag Keep up the momentum: url.
Suits and ties. h/t url.
"No president can do it alone." Read President Obama's note to name supporters, then say you're in: url.
The hashtag is slowing the pace of medical research, delaying the discovery of cures and treatments. Read url.
dd your voice to the fight for comprehensive hashtag today: url.
"Our nation needs comprehensive immigration reform." name Republican from Nevada. Read his full url.
Members of Congress from 40 states refuse to accept the science on hashtag change. Call them out here: url.
hashtag will be good for families and good for the economy. Let's get it done. url.
Retweet this: "The Jersey Shore is back and open for business." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Retweet this: Let's honor our fallen troops this url.
"Oklahomans have inspired us with their love and their courage and their fellowship." iPresident Obama in hashtag today.
"""When we say that we've got your back, I promise you, we keep our word."" i.
President Obama in hashtag OK today".
Ready for url.
"They are heroes, each and every one." iPresident Obama pays tribute to our men and women in uniform in his weekly address. hashtag.
This weekend, show our men and women in uniform some appreciation. url.
Hold your representatives in Congress accountable. Call out hashtag change deniers in the House and Senate today: url.
Tell your senators: The time for comprehensive hashtag that fuels innovation is now. url hashtag.
Don't miss name hashtag town hall, starting now. Tweet him your questions about how hashtag is fighting for hashtag.
FCT: Immigrants start over 25% of all businesses in 7 out of the 8 fastest-growing sectors of our economy. (via name hashtag.
FCT: Over 40% of Fortune 500 companies were founded by an immigrant or child of an immigrant. (via name hashtag.
If you're in for the hashtag for hashtag tweet your senators now and tell them to get it done: url.
FCT: Immigrant-owned businesses generated $775 billion in revenue for the economy in 2011. (via name hashtag.
Last night, Democrats and Republicans came together to send an hashtag bill to the Senate floor. Time to finish the job. hashtag.
Tell Congress we need smart hashtag reform to attract & keep talent in the US. dd your voice here: url hashtag.
How can you help pass comprehensive hashtag Join the hashtag and tweet your senators today: url.
There's a huge virtual march for hashtag today. Tweet the Senate to be a part of it: url hashtag.
Tell Congress to seize this moment and get comprehensive hashtag passed. Join us this url.
Join the name to let Congress know that you support hashtag to fuel merican innovation: url.
Tell Congress to act now to fix our hashtag system. Sign up for the name this week: url.
Help the families devastated by tornadoes in Oklahoma this morning by supporting the efforts of the name url.
"Our prayers are with the people of Oklahoma today."iPresident Obama.
Tell Congress to act now to fix our hashtag system. Sign up for the name this url.
Some members of Congress still won't listen to the scientific consensus on hashtag change. Call these deniers out: url.
Conservative think tank estimates hashtag would save $410 billion over 10 years: url Let's get it done..
Hurricane season furloughs "could have a detrimental effect on everybody's public safety." Read more: url hashtag.
Weekly ddress: A rising, thriving middle class is the true engine of economic url.
"Itos up to you and all the people across the country to tell the people in Washington, focus on getting stuff done."iPresident Obama.
While many in Congress continue to deny the science on hashtag change, laska's Columbia Glacier continues to url.
Faizan wants to build an innovative tech startup. Our broken hashtag system is standing in his way. Watch now: url.
Retweet if you believe in the importance of early childhood url.
Pakistani tech entrepreneur Faizan is a perfect example of why we need hashtag Watch the video: url.
Ninety-seven percent of scientists agree: hashtag change is real, man-made and dangerous. Read url.
Seven senators blocking hashtag are also climate deniers. Fed up? Call them url.
Facing an 8-year green card backlog, this name grad has no choice but to take her business skills abroad: url hashtag.
This week, hashtag meets with the rctic Council to discuss climate change. Read his take on merica's url.
Streamlining legal hashtag will foster innovation, create jobs, and keep families together. It's url.
Join the name -- tell Congress hashtag will support innovation and create jobs: url.
 if you agree: "If you are a citizen, you shouldnot have to wait years before your family is able to join you in merica."iPresident Obama.
name says hashtag will add 3.2 million jobs and boost GDP by 1.6 percent over 10 url.
Happy Mother's Day -- Show your favorite moms some url.
Report: Social Security will be strengthened by hashtag over the url.
"I saw my senator walking up the stairs right in front of us..." Pam's hashtag on gun violence prevention: url.
Two heads are better than one. url.
What's the most embarrassing claim climate deniers in Congress have used to brush off science? Take your url.
Want more proof that name volunteers make an impact? See how they're hashtag on gun violence prevention: url.
Retweet to tell climate deniers in Congress: hashtag you keep ignoring the science on climate change..
Follow name today for more coverage of the gun violence petition delivery to Congress. hashtag hashtag.
This is big: name volunteers are about to deliver 1.4 million signatures to Congress demanding expanded background checks for gun sales..
Stronger, vibrant, prosperous. url.
Retweet if you agree: It's time for Congress to stop denying the science on hashtag.
On Thursday, name will deliver to Congress the signatures of 1.4 million mericans who want expanded background checks for gun sales..
Want to see the impact of name supporters on gun violence prevention? Check out this map of local press coverage. url.
1.4 million people say the fight for common-sense gun violence prevention is not over. It's time Congress listened. url.
More than 1.4 million mericans signed our petition demanding expanded background checks for gun salesiby far the most in name history..
The deadline to add your name is midnight tonight: url Demand Congress act to reduce gun violence now..
Please retweet: dd your name to name petition on gun violence prevention before midnight: url.
Six months ago today, we made history. nd we're not done url.
Explore how name supporters are driving the narrative on gun violence prevention: url.
Tell Congress now is the time for background checks for gun sales: url dd your name by midnight tonight..
name petition demanding background checks for gun sales will be printed and delivered this week. dd your url.
"Together our voices are powerful enough to make Congress act."iRonnie, whose friend Greg died by gunfire in Chicago. url.
More than 750,000 mericans have signed this petition demanding background checks for gun sales. dd your name -- url.
hashtag will strengthen our security and our economy. nd it can finally become a reality this url.
Welcome to Twitter, name & name hashtag.
Today's jobs report is a reminder: We can't afford self-inflicted wounds on the economy. Time to end the hashtag with a balanced approach.
The economy added 176,000 jobs in pril, continuing 38 straight months of job growth. But there is still work to url.
600,000 mericans have signed this petition to Congress demanding action to prevent gun violence. dd your name: url.
The senators who voted against background checks for gun sales want you to url Show them you won't: url.
It's Wednesday. Need a url.
Congress needs to know you're not giving up on common-sense gun violence prevention. Sign this petition: url.
Congress needs to hear support for expanding background checks for gun sales. dd your name to this petition today: url.
Retweet if you are proud that immigration is a part of our nation's url.
Sign the petition demanding Congress take action to expand background checks for gun sales now: url.
dd your name now -- url Common-sense gun violence prevention won't happen unless Congress hears our voices..
name will deliver this petition to Congress demanding common-sense gun violence prevention. dd your name now: url.
Watch the full video of President Obama at the White House Correspondents' Dinner: url.
TONIGHT: President Obama at the White House Correspondents' Dinner, hosted by name Watch live at 9:45 ET: url.
Congress should find the same sense of urgency to help families as they did to help themselves. url hashtag.
What happens when a senator votes with 90 percent of mericans to prevent gun violence: url.
Tell climate deniers in Congress to stop ignoring the overwhelming science on climate change. url.
Climate deniers in Congress refuse to even debate the issue. Make sure they don't get away with url.
Video: Climate deniers in Congress saying ridiculous things: url Say you'll hold them accountable..
OF supporters in rizona made sure their voices were heard this weekend, and were joined by an unexpected guest: url.
Retweet this if you think now is the time for comprehensive hashtag.
Washington can't get away with ignoring 90% of the country on gun violence prevention. Say you'll keep url.
"The earth is what we all have in common." i Wendell Berry url.
mericans today are showing senators they're not done fighting to prevent gun violence. Join in: url hashtag.
"The world has witnessed one sure and steadfast truth: mericans refuse to be terrorized." iPresident url.
name "On Wednesday, a minority of senators gave into url.
dd your name right now to keep fighting - for Newtown and countless other communities torn apart by gun violence: url.
uWe may be momentarily knocked off our feet, but we will pick ourselves up. We will keep going. We will finish the race.u iPresident Obama.
uEvery one of us stands with you. Itos our beloved city too.u iPresident Obama speaking at the interfaith service in Boston.
Watch live: President Obama speaks at an interfaith service in Boston for the victims of Monday's bombing. url.
"Sooner or later, we are going to get this right. The memories of these children demand it. nd so do the merican people." iPresident Obama.
"I want to make it clear to the merican people that we can still bring about meaningful changes that reduce gun violence." iPresident Obama.
"This was a pretty shameful day for Washington. But this effort isnot over I see this as just round one." iPresident Obama.
Watch live: President Obama speaks on today's Senate votes on gun violence prevention. url.
 if you agree: I am one of the 92% of mericans who support background checks for gun sales. hashtag.
If you want Congress to pass a bill to reduce gun violence you have to speak upicall your senators now: url hashtag.
Now is the time to act: url  name Senate expected to vote today on background checks for gun sales. hashtag.
"If you want to know who we are, what merica is, how we respond to evilithatos it. Selflessly. Compassionately. Unafraid." iPresident Obama.
"What the world saw yesterday in the aftermath of the explosions were stories of heroism & kindness, generosity & love." iPresident Obama.
"The merican people refuse to be terrorized." iPresident Obama.
"ll mericans stand with the people of Boston." iPresident Obama.
"On days like this there are no Republicans or Democratsiwe are mericans, united in concern for our fellow citizens." iPresident Obama.
"Michelle and I send our deepest thoughts and prayers to the families of the victims in the wake of this senseless loss." iPresident Obama.
re you in? MT name Tomorrow we kick off the first National Call Day for gun violence prevention. url hashtag.
We have not url.
Why President Obama is not giving the weekly address url.
 if you agree: We've waited long enough for immigration url.
 if you agree: It's time to stop the denial on climate url.
Todayos vote in the Senate is just the first stepiand name volunteers are continuing to make their voices heard. hashtag.
Breaking: The Senate defeats a filibuster and votes to begin debate on common-sense steps to reduce gun violence. hashtag.
"We do deserve a vote.u iJillian Soto, sister of Victoria Soto, a first-grade teacher killed in Newtown url.
uIom going to keep asking the merican people to stand up and raise their voices, because these measures deserve a vote.u iPresident Obama.
Obama: uI applaud Senators Manchin and Toomey for their leadership on url a bipartisan agreement around common-sense background checks.u.
Watch live: First Lady Michelle Obama speaks about youth violence and guns in url.
 if you agree: ll our kids deserve a vote to reduce gun violenceiand hashtag for Congress to url.
"Congress is going to only act if they hear from youithe merican people." url hashtag.
Breaking: Congress is hearing the voices of the 92% of mericans who support background checks for all gun url.
dd your name if you're ready to help President Obama fight to fix our broken immigration system: url hashtag.
"Immigration is more than a political issue. Itos who we are." url hashtag.
 if you agree: ll of our daughters deserve to earn equal pay for equal work. url.
"Hey Congress: Get hashtag done." name url.
Determined as ever to reduce gun violence. url.
 if you agree: Every family that has lost loved ones to gun violence deserves a vote. url.
Obama: "Letos do the right thing. Letos do right by our kids. Let's do right by these families. Letos get this done." hashtag.
"If there's just one thing we can do to keep one father from having to bury his childiisn't that worth fighting for?" iPresident Obama in CT.
President Obama: "Itos up to all of usithe peopleito stand up to those who say we canot and stand up for the change we need." hashtag.
Obama: "90% of mericans support universal background checks ... How often do 90% of mericans agree on url.
President Obama: "We have to tell Congress itos time to require a background check for anyone who wants to buy a gun." hashtag.
President Obama: "Congress is only going to act if they hear from youithe merican people." url.
President Obama: "Newtown, we want you to know that weore here with you. We will not walk away from the promises weove made." hashtag.
Obama: "I know many of you in Newtown wondered if the rest of us would live up to the promise we made in those dark daysiif weod change.".
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Connecticut about why Congress needs to act to reduce gun violence. url.
Tell Congress: Help protect our kids by closing background check loopholes for all gun sales. url hashtag.
 if you're one of the 92% of mericans who want Congress to close background check loopholes for all gun url.
Closing background check loopholes will save livesiand it's time for Congress to act. url.
"I canot remember a time when this many mericans spoke with such a united voice in favor of anything." url hashtag.
"She stands as an example to our daughters that there is no glass ceiling that canot be shattered." iObama on Margaret Thatcher's passing.
Gabby Giffords: "Congress must pass background checks nowito put us on the road to a safer country." url hashtag.
" rising, thriving middle class. Thatos our North Star. That must drive every decision we url.
Happy url.
Share the news: Our economy has added nearly 6.5 million private-sector jobs over 37 straight url.
Tell Congress: We can't wait for the next Newtown to act. url url.
 if you agree: Our immigration system is brokeniand it's time for Congress to fix it. url.
"Immigration reform needs to happen." iNathan . on why our broken system is preventing his military service: url.
We can't let Congress wait for the next tragedy to act to reduce gun violence. url.
"The movies won't be the same without Roger." iPresident Obama.
"The U.S. is home to me & home is where I feel comfortable." iYesica, who moved here at 6 months old: url hashtag.
Caroline C. believes we should fix our immigration system "to allow more stories of hope and dreams to come url.
It's time to fix our broken immigration system so families like Claudia's aren't torn apart: url.
Share how your family came hereiand why we need immigration reform now: url hashtag.
"Weove suffered too much pain and care too much about our children to allow this to continue." url hashtag.
n Oval Office meeting you don't want to miss: President Obama and url.
Here's why it's time for Congress to close background check loopholes for all gun sales. url.
 if you agree: Too many mericans are dying from gun violenceiand it's time for Congress to url.
"Weore no longer content to wait for the next Newtown, or the next urora, before we find the will to act." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: "I donot believe that weapons designed for theaters of war have a place in movie theaters. Most mericans agree with that.".
Obama: "If you want to buy a guniwhether from a licensed dealer or a private selleriyou should at least have to pass a background check.".
Obama: "There doesnot have to be a conflict between protecting our citizens and protecting our 2nd mendment rights." hashtag.
"Every day we wait to do something about it, even more are stolen from our lives by a bullet from a gun." iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: "Over those 100 days or so, more than 100 times as many mericans have fallen victim to gun violence." hashtag.
President Obama: "Itos now been just over 100 days since the murder of 20 innocent children and 6 brave educators in Newtown." hashtag.
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Denver about common-sense measures Congress should pass to reduce gun violence. url.
Presidential portrait. (h/t url.
 if you agree: Universal background checks for gun sales would save livesiand it's time for Congress to url.
FCT: 92% of mericansiincluding 74% of NR membersisupport universal background checks. url.
FCT: Last decade, 3,766 people were murdered with guns in Ohioimore than the number of combat deaths in the Iraq war. hashtag.
FCT: Nevada was the 9th-deadliest state in 2010 for gun violenceiwhile its gun safety laws ranked 32nd out of 50. hashtag.
FCT: In '10, P had the 5th-highest rate of gun deaths among kidsiand 95% of the state supports universal background checks. hashtag.
FCT: lmost twice as many people were murdered by guns from 2001-2010 in rizona than killed in combat in fghanistan. hashtag.
New name report finds "a clear link between weak gun laws & high levels of gun violence" in the U.S. url hashtag.
It's time to hashtag to reduce gun url.
Jogging url.
President Obama on the BRIN initiative and the importance of investing in merican innovation: url hashtag.
Tell Congress: 92% of mericans support universal background checksiand it's time to pass them now. url hashtag.
 if you agree: Universal background checks will save livesiand it's time for Congress to act. url.
A reminder for Congress about why they need to act to reduce gun violence now. url.
Share how your family came hereiand why we need immigration reform now: url url.
"If we keep taking bold steps ... Iom confident merica will continue to lead the world into that next frontier of human understanding.".
President Obama: "Imagine if we could reverse traumatic brain injury or PTSD for our veterans who are coming home.".
Obama: "Today we announce the next great merican projectithe BRIN initiative.".
President Obama: "We donot just attract the best scientists or the best entrepreneursiwe also continually invest in their success.".
President Obama: "Ideas are what power our economy. It's what sets us apart. Itos what merica is all about.".
Watch live: Obama unveils a new research initiative designed to revolutionize our understanding of the human brain. url.
"Reading is important. If you know how to read then the whole world opens up to you." url hashtag.
Keep the pressure on Congress: Share how your family came hereiand why we need immigration reform now. url hashtag.
A special message from the url.
dd your name if you agree it's time for Congress to pass comprehensive hashtag url.
Ready for Opening url.
 this link so your friends know the President's plan to fix our broken immigration system: url.
"To treat others as we wish to be treated ourselves. Thatos the common humanity that binds us url.
Happy url.
"These holy days afford us the precious opportunity to slow down & spend some quiet moments in prayer & url.
Heads url.
 if you agree: It's time to protect our kids' health by making sure our cars burn cleaner fuel and use less gas. hashtag.
FCT: Obama's clean fuel standards would prevent tens of thousands of asthma attacks and save billions of dollars in lost productivity..
FCT: Obama's clean fuel standards would cut the sulfur in gasoline by two-thirdsisignificantly reducing smog & soot pollution. hashtag.
Good news: Obama proposed clean gasoline standards that would reduce severe health problems like asthma url.
No one's ever done what we're trying to do: Pitch in $5 now to help restore the balance of power to ordinary url.
Reducing gun violence "is one of the great issues of our time, and the time for action is now." url.
 if you support background checks for all gun sales. url.
Tell Congress: It's time to save lives by passing background checks for all gun sales. url hashtag.
We should never url in Newtown deserve a vote. url.
Hey Congress ---> Universal background checks are as popular as apple pieiand it's time to get it url.
FCT: Nearly 40% of all gun sales don't require a background check under current law. hashtag.
FCT: Background checks have kept more than 2 million guns out of dangerous handsibut they STILL aren't required for all gun sales..
 if you're 1 of the 92% of mericans who want Congress to pass background checks for all gun sales. url.
President Obama: uShame on us if we've url I havenot url about those kids.u url.
"We have cried enough. We have known enough heartbreak ... now is the time to turn that heartbreak into something real." hashtag.
President Obama on getting Congress to act: "Nothing is more powerful than millions of voices calling for url.
President Obama: "Right now, 90% of mericansi90%isupport background checks that will keep criminals from buying a gun." hashtag.
President Obama: "This is our best chance in more than a decade to take common-sense steps that will save url.
Obama: "I donot think any of us who are parents can hear these stories and not think of our own daughters, our own sons." hashtag.
Happening now: President Obama speaks about why Congress needs to act to reduce gun violence. url hashtag.
FCT: Since 1968, more mericans have died from gun violence than in all of merica's warsicombined. url.
Even if it saves one life. url.
Today's the National Day to hashtag to reduce gun violence. Share the President's plan to help make it url.
ll smiles in the Oval url.
Chip in $5 or more today to become a founding member of name and help pass the President's url.
This is your movement: Chip in $5 or more today to be a founding member of Organizing for ction. url.
Joe's a gun store owner and NR memberiand he supports background checks for all gun sales: url hashtag.
Reach up and close that gap. url.
 if you stand with the millions of mericans fighting for url.
Join a call with name Biden tomorrow for the latest on efforts in Congress to reduce gun violence: url hashtag.
"Every single merican deserves to be treated equally in the eyes of the law." url.
 if you agree. url.
hashtag for url.
It makes us url.
Chag sameach: "Michelle and I send our warmest wishes to all those celebrating url.
 if you agree: Our immigration system has been broken for too longiand Congress needs to fix it url.
Nearly all of us came from someplace elseiand it's time to make sure others can do the same. url.
hashtag will help millions of people who are struggling to support their families." iCristina P. url.
"He grew up here, went to school and graduated from hereieven pays his taxes." iKrystle . url hashtag.
"We left our countries & traveled many miles with the desire of a better life & living the merican Dream." iBeverley M. hashtag.
"The dream became a possibility and the possibility became reality." iTom K. url hashtag.
"We are a nation of opportunity, of immigrants, of hope." ilexis R. url.
Share your family's immigration story and say why we need hashtag now: url.
Every merican should be able to marry the person they love. url.
"The time has come for comprehensive sensible hashtag iPresident Obama at a naturalization url.
A story of url.
uIt is clear that mericaos immigration system is broken." iJon Carson on name push to pass url.
Make sure your friends see President Obama's plan to fix our broken immigration url.
The name on how health care reform is expanding coverage, improving care, and saving consumers money: url hashtag.
President Obama: "Right now, we have a real chance to reduce gun violence in merica." url hashtag.
The President on Obamacare's 3rd anniversary: "In the wealthiest nation on Earth, no one should go broke just because they get sick." hashtag.
No merican who works full time should have to live in poverty: url.
Make sure your friends know why more than 9 in 10 mericans want Congress to pass universal background url.
 if you agree: We don't have to choose between clean air, clean water, and a growing url.
Worth a read: The Senate GOP's plan would udestroy environmental protections and set back decades of url.
A false url.
Harry Reid: "In order to be effective, any bill that passes the Senate must include background checks." url hashtag.
Tell Senate Republicans: We should invest in clean energy and combat climate changeinot gut the progress we've url.
 if you agree: The Senate GOP should stop trying to tear down environmental progress & pass a clean budget that protects the middle class..
FCT: Under Obama, U.S. carbon pollution emissions have fallen to their lowest level in nearly 2 decadesiand we need to do more. hashtag.
FCT: Renewable electricity generation from wind, solar, and geothermal sources has doubled since President Obama took office. hashtag.
FCT: Senate Republicans would end tax credits for clean energy like wind and solaricosting merican jobs in an industry we need to lead..
FCT: The Senate GOP would let polluters build power plants w/o limits on carbon pollutionifueling climate change that threatens our planet..
FCT: The Senate GOP would block limits on toxic air pollution that will prevent up to 11,000 deaths and nearly 5,000 heart attacks a year..
Senate Republicans are planning budget amendments that would gut our ability to fight climate change and invest in clean energy. hashtag.
Dear Congress: Passing background checks for all gun sales will save livesiand it's time to make it url.
Finish your bracket: It's time for url.
 if you agree: Passing background checks for all gun sales will save livesiand it's time for Congress to url.
Tell Republicans in Congress to stop severe cuts to education: url.
"I began with a clipboard at a very small farmer's market." iJames on why he's url to reduce gun url.
Ready for url.
"Your job is not done when you walk out of the ballot booth." url hashtag.
 if you stand with same-sex couples around the country fighting for the right to marry who they url.
 if you agree: ll victims of gun violence deserve a voteiand Congress needs to act now. url.
Download & display this sign if you're 1 of the 92% of mericans who support universal background checks: url hashtag.
Hey Congress ---> More than 9 in 10 mericans support background checks for LL gun salesiand it's url.
FCT: Background checks have kept more than 2 million guns out of dangerous handsibut they still don't cover all gun sales. hashtag.
FCT: Since 1968, more mericans have died from gun violence than in all of merica's warsicombined. url.
It's time for Congress to take common-sense steps to reduce gun violence. url.
"Michelle and I join our fellow mericans in paying tribute to all who served and sacrificed in one of our nationos longest wars." hashtag.
Snack url.
 if you agree: We can't afford severe cuts to educationiand it's time for Republicans in Congress to stop url.
"We can make sure every single door is open, every dream is within reachifor Malia, for Sasha, for your url.
"Change comes about because people are activated. People are involved." iPresident Obama on the importance of url.
Great news: 58% of mericans agree that same-sex couples should be able to get married. url hashtag.
FCT: 11,155 name volunteers have signed up for 411 action planning sessions in 46 states and D.C. to develop url plans. hashtag.
Obama: "Today, Iom proud to nominate a leader to carry on those efforts as mericaos next Sec. of LaboriTom url.
dd your name to help President Obama deliver on the agenda mericans voted for last fall: url.
Happy St. Patrick's url.
"When those voices are heard, you can't stop it. That's when change happens." url.
"fter years of talking about it, weore finally poised to take control of our energy future." url hashtag.
A reminder to severe conservatives still trying to roll back url.
President Obama on why we need Organizing for ction: url.
 if you agree: It's time to keep cutting our dependence on foreign oil, invest in clean energy, and reduce carbon pollution. hashtag.
President Obama: "Thatos who we are. That's been the merican story. We donot stand still. We look forward. We invent. We build.".
President Obama: "Letos set up an Energy Security Trust that helps us free our families and businesses from painful spikes in gas prices.".
President Obama: "This is about national security. Our reliance on oil makes us far too dependent on other parts of the world." hashtag.
Obama on new fuel efficiency standards: "By the middle of the next decade, our cars will go twice as far on a gallon of gas." hashtag.
President Obama: "We need to keep investing in scientific research. We need to maintain our edge." hashtag.
President Obama: "We've doubled the amount of renewable energy we generate from sources like wind and url.
President Obama: "Right now, few areas hold more promise for creating good jobs and growing our economy than how we use merican energy.".
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Illinois about merican energy. url.
FCT: Renewable electricity generation from wind, solar, and geothermal sources has doubled since President Obama took office. hashtag.
FCT: Under President Obama, foreign oil imports have fallen to a 20-year low. hashtag.
Worth a read and a : President Obama's plan for a clean and secure energy future. url hashtag.
Join name to help pass President Obama's agenda: url.
President Obama: Weapons of war "have no place on our streets, in our schools, or threatening our law enforcement officers." hashtag.
 today's good news: the Senate took another step forward to reduce gun violence: url hashtag.
name Biden on why he supports the Second mendment and the President's plan to reduce gun violence: url hashtag.
 if you agree: It's time for Congress to make our communities safer by passing universal background checks on gun sales. hashtag.
Download and display this sign if you're one of the 92% of mericans who support background checks for all gun url.
FCT: Nearly 40% of all gun sales don't require a background check under current law. hashtag.
FCT: Background checks have kept more than 2 million guns out of dangerous handsibut they don't cover all gun sales. hashtag.
FCT: Since 1968, more mericans have died from gun violence than in all of merica's warsicombined. url.
The vast majority of mericans support universal background checksiand it's time for Congress to act: url hashtag.
Follow name this morning for live updates from the Organizing for ction founders' summit..
Obama on Pope Francis: "I look forward to working with His Holiness to advance peace, security, and dignity for our fellow human beings.".
Follow name today for live updates from the founders' summit of Organizing for ction..
Obama needs your help to pass the policies mericans voted for last fall. Say you're in: url.
Teach him how to Dougie, url.
Keep the pressure on Congress until this gets done: dd your name to support Obama's plan to reduce gun violence. url.
Today, the Senate Judiciary Committee voted to reduce gun violence and make our schools safer: url hashtag.
 if you agree: We should reduce the deficit by closing tax loopholes for millionairesinot by raising middle-class taxes..
FCT: Obama's balanced plan reduces the deficit by cutting waste and closing tax loopholes that benefit the wealthy. url.
FCT: The House GOP would cut taxes for millionaires and reduce the deficit by raising taxes on middle-class families by more than $2,000..
"The math just doesn't add up." name on how the House GOP budget threatens the middle url.
 if you agree that every family of gun violence victims deserves a vote on universal background url.
Tell Congress we should close tax loopholes for millionaires before cutting vital services: url.
Don't let Congress off the hook: Tell them it's time to reduce gun violence and help protect our kids. url hashtag.
Most mericans support background checks for all gun salesiand it's time for Congress to make it url.
FCT: 6.6 million guns were transferred in the U.S. last year without a background check. url.
FCT: Background checks have kept more than 2 million guns out of dangerous handsibut not all gun sales require them. hashtag.
FCT: 80% of prison inmates who used guns acquired them through private transfers that didn't require a background check. hashtag.
87 people die every day from gun violence in mericaiand it's time to do something about it. url hashtag.
Make sure your friends and family know President Obama's plan to reduce gun violence: url.
 if you agree: Congress should close background check loopholes to help keep guns out of dangerous url.
Our economy has come a long way over the last four yearsiand we have more work to url.
Spring url.
President Obama: "What binds us together will always be more powerful than what drives us url.
In case you missed the news, our economy has added nearly 6.4 million private-sector jobs over 36 straight url.
Obama on the improving job market: "The last thing we should do is allow Washington politics to get in the url.
"Empowering women isn't just the right thing to doiitos the smart thing to do." iObama on International url.
 if you agree: We should never cut vital services for the middle class before closing tax loopholes for millionaires. hashtag.
FCT: More than 800,000 defense employees would be forced to take unpaid leave if Congress doesn't stop hashtag.
FCT: Students could lose more than $1 billion in financial aid and education funding because Congress failed to stop hashtag.
FCT: FEM disaster relief could be cut by $928 million because Congress failed to act. hashtag.
FCT: More than 10,000 teachers and school staff could lose their jobs if Congress doesn't stop hashtag.
 if you agree: We need Congress to help businesses create more jobsinot impose drastic cuts that will cost 750,000 jobs. hashtag.
246,000 new private-sector jobs last month. The last thing we need right now is a self-inflicted wound from Congress with hashtag.
Stand with the President's plan to stop severe budget cuts & reduce the deficit in a balanced way: url hashtag.
A bill to reauthorize & strengthen the Violence gainst Women ct ---> signed by President Obama today. url.
"ll women deserve the right to live free from fear. That's what today is all about." iObama on signing the Violence gainst Women ct hashtag.
Obama: "This is a country where everyone should be able to pursue their own measure of happiness and live their lives free from fear." hashtag.
President Obama on hashtag "One of the great legacies of this law is that it didn't just change the rulesiit changed our culture.".
uThis victory shows that when the merican people make their voices heard, Washington listens.u iPresident Obama on reauthorizing hashtag.
"Because of the people in this room, every time we reauthorized the Violence gainst Women ct, we improved it." name Biden hashtag.
Listen live: President Obama & name Biden speak at the Violence gainst Women ct bill signing. url hashtag.
Join millions of supporters fighting to pass the agenda mericans voted for last fall: url.
FCT: "964,000 mericans have already mobilized through name url.
Change will come from mericans url across the nationi-not from the highest-paid lobbyists on K Street: url.
What a real snow day looks url.
We should hire more teachers and continue to make college more affordableinot cut student aid. url.
Share this if you agree we can't put tax breaks for oil companies above helping military families (via url.
 if you're one of the 92% of mericans who want Congress to pass universal background checks for gun url.
Every family that has lost loved ones to gun violence deserves a vote. Tell Congress to act: url.
Worth a read and a : Gun advocates and manufacturers support expanding background checks. url hashtag.
89% of Republicans agree we need background checks for LL gun sales. It's time for Congress to make it url.
 if you agree: It's time for Congress to make our kids and communities safer by closing background check loopholes for gun sales..
FCT: Nearly 40% of all gun sales are made by private sellers who aren't required to conduct a background check. hashtag.
FCT: The background check system has kept more than 2 million guns out of dangerous hands. hashtag.
FCT: Since 1968, 1.3 million mericans have died from gun violenceimore than in all of the wars in merican history. hashtag.
Find out how you can help protect our kids and our communities by reducing gun violence: url hashtag.
 if you'd honkithen tell Congress to close background check loopholes for gun sales: url.
Tell Congress: We should close tax loopholes for millionairesinot cut student aid. url.
Stand with President Obama's plan to stop severe budget cuts and reduce the deficit in a balanced way: url hashtag.
 if you agree: We should never cut vital services for middle-class families before closing tax loopholes for millionaires & corporations..
FCT: Severe budget cuts could reduce funding for the Federal viation dministration by $232 millionilikely increasing airport delays..
FCT: Congressional inaction means $168 million could be cut from mental health services and substance abuse programs. hashtag.
FCT: Funding to protect and secure our borders could be cut by nearly $550 million because Congress didn't act. hashtag.
FCT: Students could lose more than $1 billion in financial aid and education funding because Congress failed to stop severe budget cuts..
FCT: Because Congress failed to act, FEM disaster relief could be cut by $928 millionimaking it harder to recover from severe storms..
Congressional Republicans chose to make severe budget cuts instead of closing tax loopholes for millionaires: url.
Watch live: President Obama makes a personnel announcement. url.
url.
 if you agree: It's wrong to cut vital services instead of closing tax loopholes for millionaires. url.
"These cuts are not smart. They will hurt our economy and cost us jobsiand Congress can turn them off at any url.
dd your name to support Obama's balanced plan to reduce the deficit and protect vital services: url hashtag.
 if you agree: It's unacceptable for Republicans in Congress to cut vital services instead of closing tax loopholes for millionaires..
"Sensible gun safety reforms still deserve a url.
President Obama: "Iom going to keep pushing to make sure the minimum wage becomes a wage you can live on." hashtag.
President Obama: "Iom going to keep pushing for high-quality preschool for every family that wants it.".
President Obama: "We canot let political paralysis around the budget stand in the way of other areas where we can make progress.".
Obama: "I still believe we can and must replace these cuts with a balanced approach that asks something from everybody." hashtag.
President Obama: "None of this is necessary. Itos happening because of a choice that Republicans in Congress have made." hashtag.
Obama: "Every time we get a piece of economic news, weoll know it could have been better if not for Congresso failure to act." hashtag.
Obama: "ll of this will cause a ripple effect across the economy. Layoffs and pay cuts mean that people will have less money to spend.".
President Obama: "We shouldn't be making a series of dumb, arbitrary cuts to things ... like education, research and defense." hashtag.
Happening now: President Obama delivers a statement on impending budget cuts. url.
dd your name if you support Obama's plan to reduce gun violence and protect our kids: url.
Stand with Obama's plan to stop severe cuts to vital services and reduce our deficit in a balanced way: url hashtag.
 if you agree: Congress should cut the deficit by closing tax loopholes for millionairesinot by cutting vital services for kids & seniors..
"We need Congress to act fast to avoid even more hard-working people losing their jobs. It isn't acceptable." iElizabeth C. hashtag.
"I absolutely cannot afford to lose my job, nor my health insurance, due to the possible sequestration." iCandice R. url.
"Renewing this bill is an important step towards making sure no one in merica is forced to live in fear." url hashtag.
"We cannot be a strong nation if all our people aren't able to reach at least their basic potential." iMary M. url.
"I am a listening ear, cheerleader, motivator, and sometimes a student's last hope. Please don't lay me off." iWhitney W. hashtag.
"Should this sequester continue, I will not be able to remain financially solvent." iSusan D. url hashtag.
"If automatic cuts are allowed to go through, thousands of dollars will be cut from the school budget where I teach." inna C. hashtag.
It's on all of us to speak up: Share what severe budget cuts would mean for you if Congress doesn't act. url hashtag.
name "For the sake of future gun victimsilawmakers should ignore this lobbying & pass a background-check url.
Find out what's at stake for kids, seniors, and the mentally ill if Congress doesn't stop severe budget cuts: url.
The name on why Congress should pass a strong background-check bill that helps keep guns out of dangerous hands: url.
dd your name to support President Obama's plan to reduce gun violence and protect our kids: url.
uIn a single moment, with the simplest of gestures, she helped change mericaiand change the world.u iPresident Obama on Rosa Parks.
Happening now: President Obama speaks at the unveiling of the Rosa Parks statue at the Capitol. url.
Obama on the devastating impacts of severe budget cuts that will begin Friday if Congress doesn't act: url hashtag.
 if you agree: We can't afford to cut vital services for kids and seniors. Congress should stop these cuts url.
Deadline Friday: It's time for Congress to stop severe budget cuts that will cost jobs & threaten the middle url.
Make sure your friends know what's at stake for middle-class families if Congress fails to avoid severe budget cuts: url.
Obama: "Make sure your voice is heard. Let your leaders know what you expect of them. Let them know what you believe." hashtag.
President Obama: "Our North Star is a growing economy that creates good, middle-class jobs." url.
Obama: "We wonot grow the middle class simply by shifting the cost of health care or college onto families that are already struggling.".
President Obama: "We canot ask seniors and working families like yours to shoulder the entire burden of deficit reduction." hashtag.
"These cuts are wrong. Theyore not smart. Theyore not fair. Theyore a self-inflicted wound that doesn't have to happen." hashtag.
Obama: These cuts "will weaken mericaos economic recovery, our military readiness, and the basic services the merican people depend on.".
Obama: "The sequester uses a meat-cleaver approach to gut critical investments in things like education & national security." hashtag.
"In a few days, Congress might allow a series of arbitrary budget cuts to take placeiknown in Washington as 'the sequester.'u hashtag.
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Virginia about why Congress should prevent severe spending cuts. url hashtag.
Make your voice heard: Share why we can't afford to lay off teachers & cut vital services for our kids. url hashtag.
Worth a read and : President Obama's plan to prevent severe budget cuts vs. Republican inaction. url hashtag.
Congress should focus on creating jobs, not cutting vital services for middle-class families. url.
Share why your family can't afford severe spending cuts to vital services for kids and seniors: url hashtag.
 if you agree: It's time for Republicans in Congress to protect middle-class familiesinot tax loopholes for millionaires. hashtag.
FCT: If Congress refuses to act by Friday, more than 370,000 mentally ill children and adults will go without treatment. hashtag.
FCT: utomatic spending cuts would eliminate more than 4 million meals for sick and homebound seniors if Congress doesn't act. hashtag.
FCT: If Congress doesn't act, small business lending will decrease by $540 millionieliminating financing to hire more workers. hashtag.
FCT: Impending spending cuts would end programs for nearly 1.2 million disadvantaged students if Congress doesn't act. hashtag.
FCT: More than 800,000 defense employees will be forced to take unpaid leave if Congress doesn't stop impending spending cuts. hashtag.
FCT: If Congress doesn't act by Friday, automatic spending cuts will threaten more than 30,000 teacher and school staff jobs. hashtag.
"Nothing shrinks the deficit faster than a growing economy that creates good, middle-class jobs." url hashtag.
Happy hashtag url.
Check out highlights of yesterday's National Day of ction to reduce gun violenceithen tell Congress hashtag url.
"These cuts donot have to happen. Congress can turn them off anytime with just a little compromise." url hashtag.
Thousands of supporters around the country spoke out today and called on Congress to reduce gun violence. Join url.
Newsflash for Congress: Universal background checks for gun sales should not be controversial. url.
For Gabby, and every victim of gun violence, url.
 if you agree: The number of guns sold without a background check should be zero. url.
"The President said to me, 'You can't change the past Sami, but you can change the future.'" url hashtag.
If we save even one life from gun violence, it's worth it. Tell Congress: hashtag url.
Follow name today to see what supporters around the country are doing to show Congress it's time to reduce gun violence. hashtag.
Today is the National Day of ction to reduce gun violence. Use hashtag to share why now is the time for Congress to act..
 if you agree: If we can save even one child from gun violence, we have an obligation to try. url.
Watch Sami's story about losing his dad in a mass shootingithen find out how you can help reduce gun violence: url.
We all need to speak up for Congress to take action. Use hashtag to share why it's time to reduce gun violence and protect our kids..
"If something can harm or kill tens of civilians in quick succession, it does not belong in anyone's home." iCalvin . hashtag.
"Stricter gun laws were needed long before my son's murder and they are definitely needed now." url hashtag.
"I am a hunter of small game and own a shotgun to do so. But it is time to find a way to stop gun violence." iGary F. hashtag.
"Stop gun violence so no other mother & father feel the pain my parents feel of having to bury their only son." iCherelle C. hashtag.
"I am lucky I survived that day. Some of my classmates were not as lucky. This needs to stop." url hashtag.
Now is the time to reduce gun violence. Share why you support the President's plan to make it happen: url hashtag.
May I have this url.
Matt's a hunter and NR member who supports Obama's plan to reduce gun violence: url.
hashtag for url.
 if you agree: Congress should make our communities and our kids safer by requiring background checks for all gun sales. hashtag.
FCT: 92% of mericans and 74% of NR members support universal background checks for gun url.
FCT: In 14 years, the background check system has helped keep more than 1.5 million guns out of dangerous hands..
FCT: Only 12% of inmates who used a handgun in a crime acquired it from a storeiwhich require background checks..
FCT: Nearly 40% of all gun sales are made by private sellers who aren't required to conduct a background check..
Worth a read and a : President Obama's plan to reduce gun url.
 if you agree: Congress should avoid brutal spending cuts and focus on making merica a magnet for good url.
Use hashtag to share why you think it's time for Congress to protect our kids and communities by reducing gun violence..
"Galen was killed at Simon's Rock College. It tore the lives of his family, friends & community apart. His memory deserves a vote." iJohanna.
"I know that my students and I will carry these scars for the rest of our lives." iRachel S. url hashtag.
" high school student doing his jobihe was murdered senselessly by a man with a criminal record and a gun." iMichelle M. hashtag.
"Congress needs to come back into session and address this before we lose more of our brightest and best." iJack E. url.
"My family deserves a vote. We all deserve a vote." iSami on losing his father to gun violence: url hashtag.
Share why you support the President's plan to keep our kids & communities safer from gun violence: url hashtag.
Obama: "The merican people have worked too hard, for too long, rebuilding from one crisis to see their elected officials cause another.".
President Obama: "I will not sign a plan that harms the middle class." hashtag.
President Obama: "For two years now, I've offered a balanced approach to deficit reduction that would prevent these harmful cuts." hashtag.
"Thousands of teachers and educators will be laid off. Tens of thousands of parents will have to scramble to find child care." iObama.
Obama: "Emergency responders like the ones hereitheir ability to help communities respond to and recover from disasters will be degraded.".
President Obama: "If Congress allows this meat cleaver approach to take place, it will jeopardize our military readiness.".
Obama: "10 days from now, Congress might allow a series of automatic, severe budget cuts to take place that will do the exact opposite.".
President Obama: "Our top priority must be to do everything we can to grow the economy and create good, middle-class jobs." hashtag.
Watch live: President Obama urges Congress to avert harmful budget cuts that would threaten our economy. url.
Happy Presidents' url.
If you've seen how gun violence can rip apart a community, share your story to show Congress hashtag to url.
Your story will inspire others to speak out. Tell Congress why hashtag to reduce gun violence: url.
Find out how you can help reduce gun violence and protect our kidsithen  so your friends can, too: url hashtag.
Our North url.
"merica only moves forward when we do so togetheriwhen we accept certain obligations to one url.
I url.
uWe may not be able to help everybody, but if we help a few, then that propels progress forward.u iPresident Obama.
President Obama on the importance of preschool: uEvery dollar we spend on early childhood education will save $7 down the road.u.
President Obama: uLetos give every child across merica access to high-quality, public preschool.".
President Obama in Chicago: uThis is where Michelle and I met; where we fell in love. This is where we raised our daughters.u.
Happening now: President Obama speaks in Chicago about his plan to strengthen the economy for the middle class. url.
 if you agree: It's time for Congress to work with the President and ensure that hard work leads to a decent living for every merican..
FCT: The President's plan calls on Congress to raise the minimum wage for tipped workersiwhich hasn't been increased in more than 20 years..
FCT: Obama's plan would tie the minimum wage to inflation so working families can keep up with rising costs over time..
FCT: For the average family earning $20,000 to $30,000, raising the minimum wage would cover a year of groceries or 6 months of housing..
FCT: President Obama's plan rewards hard work by raising the minimum wage to $9 an houridirectly boosting wages for 15 million workers..
If you're willing to work hard and play by the rules, President Obama will never stop fighting for url.
Our engine of economic growth: Strengthening the middle class. Share Obama's plan to keep us moving url.
Happy Valentine's url.
Happening now: President Obama joins a hashtag live from the White House. url.
 if you agree: Nobody who works full-time should have to live in poverty. It's time to raise the minimum wage to $9 an hour. hashtag.
President Obama's plan would raise the minimum wage to $9 an hour so an honest day's work pays more for 15 million mericans. hashtag.
President Obama: uIn the end, thatos what this is all about: Giving our kids the best possible shot at life.u.
uHope is found in what works. This works. If youore looking for a good bang for your educational buckithis is it.u iObama on expanding Pre-K.
President Obama: "Every dollar we invest in high-quality early education can save more than $7 later on.".
President Obama on the importance of preschool: "Education has to start at the earliest possible age.".
Watch live: President Obama speaks in url about his plan to expand early childhood education. url.
 if you agree: It's time for Congress to work with the President to ensure that merica makes things the rest of the world buys. hashtag.
Obama's Fix-It First plan would create jobs by repairing roads, bridges & other infrastructure that most urgently need an upgrade. hashtag.
FCT: Obama's plan would slash our reliance on foreign oil, create jobs and cut energy costs by doubling clean energy production. hashtag.
FCT: President Obama's plan calls for investing in homegrown clean energy that helps protect families from spikes in gas prices. hashtag.
FCT: Obama's plan ends tax breaks for companies to ship jobs overseas and rewards companies that hire here at home. hashtag.
The President's plan begins with making merica a magnet for jobs and high-tech manufacturing: url hashtag.
They deserve a url.
Even former President Reagan agrees: Weapons of war have no place in our communities. url.
None of the progress the President spoke about last night is going to happen without you behind him. Say you're url.
Obama: us long as youore out here fighting every day to better your lives  then Ioll be back in Washington fighting for you.u hashtag.
President Obama: "We donot give up, we get up. We innovate; we adapt; we learn new skills. We keep going." hashtag.
Obama on tax reform: Stop rewarding companies for shipping jobs overseas & start rewarding companies that create jobs here. hashtag.
President Obama: "fter shedding jobs for 10 years, merican manufacturers have added about 500,000 jobs over the last 3 years." hashtag.
President Obama on restoring merica's basic bargain: "If you work hard, if you're willing to meet your responsibilitiesiyou can get ahead.".
Watch live: President Obama speaks in North Carolina about his plan to create jobs and grow our economy. url hashtag.
FCT: 92% of mericans support requiring background checks for all gun sales if you're one of url.
If you missed it, watch the President's hashtag address with enhanced graphics & stats on his plan to grow our url.
 if you agree: We need to keep growing our economy from the middle outinot go back to the top-down policies that crashed it. hashtag.
Obama's plan grows the economy by investing in manufacturing, infrastructure, clean energy, and education w/o raising the deficit. hashtag.
FCT: In the last three years, merican manufacturers have added nearly 500,000 jobs. hashtag.
FCT: U.S. businesses have added more than 6.1 million jobs in the last 35 months. url.
President Obama: Use hashtag to "tweet your support of my plan to create jobs and strengthen the middle class.".
We have an obligation to try: url.
 if you support President Obama's plan to create jobs and grow the middle class. url.
"It remains the task of us all, as citizens of these United States, to be the authors of the next great chapter in our merican story.".
Obama: We may "hold different views than the person beside us. But as mericans, we all share the same proud title: We are citizens." hashtag.
 if you support the President's plan to reduce gun violence and help protect our kids. url.
Obama: "Gabby Giffords deserves a vote. The families of Newtown deserve a vote. The families of urora deserve a vote." hashtag.
Obama: "Police chiefs are asking for our help to get weapons of war and massive ammunition magazines off our streets." hashtag.
"Senators of both parties are working together on tough new laws to prevent anyone from buying guns for resale to criminals." hashtag.
Obama: "I know this is not the first time this country has debated how to reduce gun violence. But this time is different." hashtag.
President Obama: "Tonight, Iom announcing a non-partisan commission to improve the voting experience in merica." hashtag.
President Obama: "We will ensure equal treatment for all service members, and equal benefits for their familiesigay and straight." hashtag.
Obama: "s long as Iom Commander-in-Chief, we will do whatever we must to protect those who serve their country abroad." hashtag.
"merica must remain a beacon to all who seek freedom during this period of historic change." hashtag.
President Obama on Iran: "We will do what is necessary to prevent them from getting a nuclear weapon." hashtag.
President Obama: "By the end of next year, our war in fghanistan will be over.".
President Obama: "merica will complete its mission in fghanistan and achieve our objective of defeating the core of al Qaeda.".
Obama: "Letos declare that in the wealthiest nation on Earth, no one who works full-time should have to live in poverty." hashtag.
Obama: "Send me a comprehensive immigration reform bill in the next few months, and I will sign it right url.
President Obama: "Real reform means establishing a responsible pathway to earned citizenship." hashtag.
"Real reform means strong border security, and we can build on the progress my dministration has already made." hashtag.
President Obama: "The time has come to pass comprehensive hashtag.
Obama: "To grow our middle class, our citizens must have access to the education and training that todayos jobs require." hashtag.
"Tonight, I propose working with states to make high-quality preschool available to every child in merica." hashtag.
President Obama: "Letos prove that there is no better place to do business than the United States of merica." hashtag.
Obama: "Tonight, I propose a uFix-It-Firstu program to put people to work as soon as possible on our most urgent repairs." hashtag.
FCT: President Obama is doubling fuel efficiency standards, which will save consumers more than $8,000 at the pump. hashtag.
FCT: Under President Obama, we have more than doubled production of renewable energy from wind and solar. hashtag.
President Obama: "fter shedding jobs for more than 10 years, our manufacturers have added about 500,000 jobs over the past three." hashtag.
President Obama: "Our first priority is making merica a magnet for new jobs and manufacturing." hashtag.
"Itos not a bigger government we need, but a smarter government that sets priorities and invests in broad-based growth." hashtag.
President Obama: "Nothing Iom proposing tonight should increase our deficit by a single dime." hashtag.
Obama: "The merican people deserve a tax code that helps small businesses spend less time filling out complicated forms." hashtag.
Obama: umerica moves forward only when we do so together, and that the responsibility of improving this union remains the task of us all.u.
uIf you work hard and meet your responsibilities; you can get ahead, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or who you love.u.
Obama: uIt is our generationos task ... to reignite the true engine of mericaos economic growthia rising, thriving middle class.u hashtag.
President Obama: ufter years of grueling recession, our businesses have created over six million new jobs.u hashtag.
ufter a decade of grinding war, our brave men and women in uniform are coming home.u iPresident Obama hashtag.
President Obama: uTonight, thanks to the grit and determination of the merican people, there is much progress to report.u hashtag.
Mr. Speaker, the President of the United url.
In 15 minutes, President Obama will deliver the 2013 State of the Union. Watch it live here: url hashtag.
"He shall, from time to url.
Here's the best place to watch President Obama's hashtag address tonight at 9pm ET: url.
"Our journey moves forward, and our future remains hopeful, and the state of our union will always be strong." url hashtag.
Watch Obama's hashtag address with enhanced graphics, charts, and useful stats on his plan to keep us moving forward: url.
President Obama's getting ready:  if you're excited to hear his hashtag speech url.
Don't let Congress off the hook: Use hashtag to share how your family came hereiand why we need immigration reform now..
"They are the true mericans who not only know what this country could mean for themibut also their children." iJose C. url.
"ll we required was the opportunity to succeed." hashtag url.
uWe are a nation founded by immigrants, and in this lies our strength.u iGila S. url hashtag.
"When I was 15, I yearned to get my permit to drive. I wanted to work to become more responsibleiI couldn't."iSaridh G. url.
uImmigration reminds us all of our individual roots, but amplifies the greatness of who we are as mericans.u iRandall S. hashtag.
We can fix our broken immigration system, but only if you make your voice heard. Share your family's url.
"n K-47, a machine gun, is not a sporting weapon or needed for the defense of the home." iFormer President url.
You're invited to a State of the Union watch party with supporters near you. RSVP now: url.
"Letos give our workers and our businesses the support they need to grow and url.
Tell Congress: hashtag to close background check loopholes for gun sales. url.
 if you're one of the 92% of mericans who support universal background checks for gun sales. url.
FCT: Nearly 40% of U.S. gun sales are made by private, unlicensed sellers, whose buyers aren't required to pass a federal background check..
FCT: In the last decade, the gun background check system has blocked more than 1 million felons and prohibited buyers from purchasing guns..
President Obama's plan would close background check loopholes to keep guns out of dangerous hands: url hashtag.
We can only fix our broken immigration system if you speak up and demand action. Share your family's hashtag url.
dd your name if you support President Obama's plan to reform our immigration system: url.
Help pass comprehensive immigration reform by sharing your hashtag  so your friends can, too: url.
 if you agree: Our immigration system should live up to our heritage as a nation of laws and a nation of url.
uWe all have a story of a mother, grandfather, or great-great grandparent who came here to find opportunity.u iJose Magana hashtag.
"I am living proof that our immigration system is broken." iJose Magana: url hashtag.
Meet President Obamaos pick to lead the Department of the name REI CEO Sally Jewell. url.
We are more alike than we are different: url.
uNow itos time to finish what we started. Letos get url.
President Obama, your neighbors, and you. Host a State of the Union watch party with supporters in your url.
Help President Obama fight for middle-class families by signing up for Organizing for ction: url.
 this so your friends know President Obamaos balanced plan to reduce our deficit and grow the economy. url.
"We can finish the job with a balanced mix of spending cuts and more tax reform."iPresident Obama on reducing the deficit.
President Obama: "Cuts to things like education and training; energy and national security; will cost us jobs, and slow down our recovery.".
"While itos critical to keep cutting wasteful spending, we canot just cut our way to prosperity." iPresident Obama.
President Obama: "Economists and business leaders from across the spectrum have said that our economy is poised for progress in 2013.".
High url.
uWe have an obligation to try." url.
President Obama: "It may not be the perfect solution. We may not save every life. But we can make a difference." hashtag.
President Obama: hashtag for action. Weore not going to wait for the next Newtown, or the next urora.u.
"We shouldn't stop there. We should restore the ban on military-style assault weapons and a 10-round limit for magazines."iPresident Obama.
President Obama: "The vast majority of mericans, including a majority of gun owners, support requiring criminal background checks.".
President Obama: "If thereos even one thing we can do, if thereos just one life we can saveiwe've got an obligation to try.u hashtag.
Watch live: President Obama speaks in Minneapolis about his plan to reduce gun violence. url hashtag.
Worth a read and a : President Obamaos plan to reduce gun violence. url hashtag.
uHer defiance spurred a movement that advanced our journey toward justice and equality for all.u iObama on Rosa url.
Game url.
uEveryone in Washington needs to focus not on politics, but on whatos right for the countryion whatos right for url.
Good news: Our economy added 166,000 private-sector jobs in January, for the 35th straight month of url.
 this link so your friends know President Obama's plan to fix our broken immigration system. url hashtag.
If you missed it, watch yesterday's name hashtag with Cecilia Muoz on hashtag url.
There's nothing we can't url.
"In no other nation on Earth could my story even be url.
How to fix a broken immigration system so everyone plays by the rules: url.
"Be courageous. mericans are counting on you." i name urging the Senate today to take action on gun url.
We are a nation of url.
The President outlined a plan for common-sense immigration reform yesterdayiwatch url.
How we can fix our broken immigration system so everyone plays by the url.
 if you agree: We need an immigration system that honors our heritage as a nation of laws & a nation of url.
"This is not just a debate about policy. It's about people." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"What makes someone merican is not just blood or birth, but allegiance to our founding principles." iPresident Obama.
" lot of folks url that most of ouso used to be othem.o" iPresident Obama.
"I believe we're finally at a moment when comprehensive immigration reform is within our grasp." iPresident Obama.
"Third, we have to bring our legal immigration system into the 21st century, because it no longer reflects the realities of our time.".
"Second, we have to deal with the 11 million individuals who are here illegally." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"First, I believe we need to stay focused on enforcement." iPresident Obama hashtag.
"To help move this process along, today Iom laying out my ideas for immigration reform." iPresident Obama.
"For the first time in many years, Republicans & Democrats seem ready to tackle this problem together.".
"We have to make sure that every business & every worker in merica is playing by the same set of rules."iPresident Obama hashtag.
"We define ourselves as a nation of immigrants." iPresident Obama.
"Iom here today because the time has come for common-sense, comprehensive immigration reform." iPresident Obama hashtag.
Watch live: President Obama speaks on the need for comprehensive immigration reform. url hashtag.
President Obama will speak on the need to fix our broken immigration system today at 2:55pm ET. Watch live here: url.
Here's Lilly Ledbetter on why she took up the fight for fair url.
President Obama signed his first bill into law four years ago today: The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay url.
Does your representative support President Obama's plan to reduce gun violence? Call & ask now: url.
"If, like me, you want this time to be different, then I need your help to make it different." url hashtag.
President Obama on International Holocaust Remembrance url.
Photo of the day: Bo in the url.
President Obama nominates Mary Jo White to lead the SEC and Richard Cordray to lead the url.
Let your friends and family know what the President and Vice President are doing to reduce gun violence: url.
Does your representative know that you want action on gun violence? Call your rep now: url.
Make sure your senators know you support the President's plan to reduce gun violenceicall them now: url.
 if you support President Obama's plan to reduce gun violence: url.
Each one of us needs to speak up and demand action on gun violence. Here's how you can help right now: url.
The President's view on url.
Join Vice President Biden for a conversation on gun violence today at 1:45 pm url.
"I want to take a look one more time. I'm not going to see this again."iThe President pausing at the Capitol url.
"You and I, as citizens, have the power to set this country's url.
"This party is just another way to say something we can never say enough: thank you." iThe President at last night's ball for servicemembers.
First url.
"Our journey is not complete." iPresident url.
You can watch President Obama's second inaugural address in full url.
"I want to look out one more time. I'll never see this url.
The full text of President Obama's second inaugural url.
Organizing for ction is the next step in our grassroots movement, crucial to finishing what we started. Be part of url.
Thank you, God Bless you, and may He forever bless these United States of merica..
Let us answer the call of history, and carry into an uncertain future that precious light of freedom. iPresident Obama.
You and I, as citizens, have the obligation to shape the debates of our time..
You and I, as citizens, have the power to set this countryos course..
We must act, knowing that our work will be imperfect. iPresident Obama.
We cannot mistake absolutism for principle, or substitute spectacle for politics, or treat name-calling as reasoned debate..
Decisions are upon us, and we cannot afford delay..
Our journey is not complete until all our children know that they are cared for, and cherished, and always safe from harm..
Our journey is not complete until we find a better way to welcome the immigrants who still see merica as a land of opportunity..
Our journey is not complete until no citizen is forced to wait for hours to exercise the right to vote..
Our journey is not complete until our gay brothers and sisters are treated like anyone else under the law..
Our journey is not complete until our wives, our mothers, and daughters can earn a living equal to their efforts..
We, the people, declare today that the most evident of truthsithat all of us are created equaliis the star that guides us still..
We will show the courage to try and resolve our differences with other nations peacefully..
We will defend our people and uphold our values through strength of arms and rule of law. iPresident Obama.
We, the people, still believe that enduring security and lasting peace do not require perpetual war..
We will respond to the threat of climate change, knowing that the failure to do so would betray our children and future generations..
We, the people, still believe that our obligations as mericans are not just to ourselves, but to all posterity..
We do not believe that in this country, freedom is reserved for the lucky, or happiness for the few..
We, the people, still believe that every citizen deserves a basic measure of security and dignity. iPresident Obama.
We, the people, understand that our country cannot succeed when a shrinking few do very well and a growing many barely make it..
We are made for this moment, and we will seize itiso long as we seize it together. iPresident Obama.
mericaos possibilities are limitless, for we possess all the qualities that this world without boundaries demands. iPresident Obama.
A decade of war is now ending. n economic recovery has begun. iPresident Obama.
This generation of mericans has been tested by crises that steeled our resolve and proved our resilience. iPresident Obama.
Now, more than ever, we must do these things together, as one nation and one people. iPresident Obama.
We have always understood that when times change, so must we. iPresident Obama.
Together, we resolved that a great nation must care for the vulnerable, and protect its people from lifeos worst hazards and misfortune..
We made ourselves anew, and vowed to move forward together. iPresident Obama.
Each time we gather to inaugurate a president, we bear witness to the enduring strength of our Constitution. iPresident Obama.
Barack Obama has been sworn in for a second term as President of the United States. hashtag.
Joe Biden has been sworn in for a second term as Vice President of the United States. hashtag.
Watch live: The second inauguration of President Obama. url.
Watch a livestream of the second inauguration here starting at 11:30am ET: url.
The sequence of events today: name takes oath at 11:45am ET; President takes oath at 11:55am ET and delivers inaugural address at noon ET..
I'm honored and grateful that we have a chance to finish what we started. Our work begins today. Let's go. -bo.
Happy Inauguration Day! Follow name today for news from on the ground in Washington, from the oath to the parade. hashtag.
Meet name the Executive Director of Organizing for ction. He's putting you in charge: url.
A look at the numbers name url.
President Obama has been sworn in for a second term as President of the United States..
Volunteers and staff are coming together today for the Obama campaign legacy conferenceifollow along here: url hashtag.
Joe Biden has officially been sworn in for a second term. Congratulations, Mr. Vice President..
Some familiar faces taking part in today's National Day of url.
President Obama on steps the administration is taking to reduce gun violence, and why we need Congress to url.
"If, like me, you want this time to be different, then I need your help to make it different." iPresident Obama url.
There's still time to sign up for tomorrow's National Day of Serviceifind an event in your community now: url.
The next chapter of our work begins today. Say you're in, and ask your friends to join url.
Michelle Obama on the next step of our movement: Organizing for url.
Our obligation: url.
Grab a friend and join the National Day of Service this Saturday: url.
Happy birthday, url.
Stand with the President to reduce gun violence: url.
Share this to make sure your friends have the facts about the President's common-sense plan to reduce gun url.
"Letos do the right thing for them, and for this country we love so much." iPresident Obama.
"long with our freedom to live our lives as we will comes an obligation to allow others to do the same." iPresident Obama.
"The most important changes we can make depend on congressional action. They need to bring these proposals up for a vote.".
"The only way we can change is if the merican people demand it." iPresident Obama.
President Obama: "Let me be absolutely clear: like most mericans, I believe the 2nd mendment guarantees an individual right to bear arms.".
"We should get tougher on people who buy guns with the express purpose of turning around and selling them to criminals." iPresident Obama.
"Finally, Congress needs to help rather than hinder law enforcement as it does its job.".
"Second: Congress should restore a ban on military-style assault weapons, and a 10-round limit for magazines.".
"First, it's time for Congress to require a universal background check for anyone trying to buy a gun." iPresident Obama.
"I'm calling on Congress to pass some very specific proposals right away." iPresident Obama on reducing gun violence.
"If there's even one life that can be saved, then we've got an obligation to try." iPresident Obama.
"This is our first task as a society: Keeping our children safe." iPresident Obama.
"While reducing gun violence is a complicated challenge, protecting our children from harm shouldnot be a divisive one." iPresident Obama.
"We should do as much as we can as quickly as we can, and we cannot let the perfect be the enemy of the good." iVP Biden.
"The world has changed and it is demanding action." iVP Biden on Newtown.
"We have a moral obligation to do everything in our power to diminish the prospect that something like this could happen again." iVP Biden.
Watch live: President Obama and Vice President Biden lay out a set of proposals to reduce gun violence. url.
President Obama yesterday: the House GOP "will not collect a ransom in exchange for not crashing the merican url.
"We are not a deadbeat nation. nd so thereos a very simple solution to this: Congress authorizes us to pay our url.
Watch live: President Obama holds a news conference. url.
President Obama on ending the war in fghanistan and rebuilding url.
Why would we spend taxpayer dollars on a Death Star with a fundamental flaw that can be exploited by a 1-man starship? url.
President Obama: "By the end of next year, mericaos war in fghanistan will be url.
Help write the next chapter of this movementibe a part of the conversation over inauguration url.
Join President Obama and mericans across the country for a National Day of Service on Jan 19th: url.
"Everyone pays their fair share. Everyone does their part. That's how our economy works best. That's how we url.
My family will be joining mericans across the country for a National Day of Service on January 19thijoin us: url -bo.
"I urge the Senate to confirm them as soon as possible so we can keep our nation secure and the merican people safe." iPresident Obama.
"These two leaders have dedicated their lives to protecting our country. Iom confident they will do an outstanding job." iPresident Obama.
"My No. 1 criteria in making these decisions is simple: Who is going to do the best job of securing merica." iPresident Obama.
" 25-year veteran of the CI, John [Brennan] knows what our national security demands." iPresident Obama.
"When it comes to defense of our country, we are not Democrats or Republicans; we are mericans." iPresident Obama.
"Chuck Hagel is the leader our troops deserve." iPresident Obama.
Watch live: President Obama makes a personnel announcement from the White House. url.
A promise keptito make our tax system fairer: url.
President Obama promised to make our tax system fairer. He url.
Winning an election won't bring about the change we seek on its url.
Photo of the day: A moment in the Oval url.
This week, we made sure that 98% of mericans & 97% of small businesses won't see their income taxes go up by one url.
The private sector added 168,000 jobs in December, for the 34th month of growth in a url.
The tax deal means income tax rates for middle class families will stay low permanently: url.
What does yesterday's fiscal cliff agreement mean for you? President Obama url.
n update on the bipartisan agreement to prevent a tax hike on 98% of mericans, straight from President Obama: url.
The agreement "further reduces the deficit by raising $620 billion in revenue from the wealthiest households.u iPresident Obama.
"This law is just one step in the broader effort to strengthen our economy and broaden opportunity for everybody." iPresident Obama.
"Under this law, more than 98% of mericans and 97% of small businesses will not see their income taxes go up." iPresident Obama.
Watch live: President Obama speaks from the briefing room. url.
"He sought to reunite our people not only in government, but also in freedom that knew no bounds of color or url.
President Obama on the Emancipation Proclamation, issued by President Lincoln 150 years ago today: url.
The President: The bipartisan Senate agreement "is the right thing to do for our country and the House should pass it without delay.".
Obama: Yesterday's Senate fiscal cliff agreement "protects 98% of mericans and 97% of small business owners from a middle class tax hike.".
Happy New url.
"We've got to do this in a balanced and responsible way." iPresident Obama on fiscal cliff negotiations.
"There are still issues left to resolve, but we're hopeful that Congress can get it done.".
"n agreement to prevent this New Year's tax hike is within sight, but it's not done." iPresident Obama.
"The last thing folks can afford right now is to pay an extra $2,000 in taxes next year." iPresident Obama.
President Obama on the fiscal cliff: "Preventing [middle class tax hikes] has been my top priority.".
Watch live: President Obama speaks on the fiscal cliff. url.
President Obama on Meet the Press today: uOur top priority is that we canot let taxes go up on middle class url.
Saying url.
Congress can still prevent taxes from going up on 98% of mericans. But they've got to act right url.
"We've got to get this done." iPresident Obama.
"The economy's growing, but sustaining that trend is going to require elected officials to do their jobs." iPresident Obama.
"The merican people are not going to have any patience for a politically self-inflicted wound to our economy." iPresident Obama.
"If an agreement isn't reached in time... I will urge Sen. Reid to bring to the floor a basic package" to prevent middle class tax hikes..
"Congress can prevent [middle class tax hikes] from happening if they act right now."iPresident Obama.
Obama: "In just 4 days, every merican's tax rates are scheduled to go up by law. Every merican's paycheck will get considerably smaller.".
President Obama on the fiscal cliff: "The hour for immediate action is here. It is now.".
Watch live: The President delivers a statement. url.
It's not often you get 19 months to change the world: url.
Scroll through this timeline for a look back at the moments that made this yeariand this campaigniwhat it was: url.
A favorite 2012 photo: url.
ir Force One, night, Ohio: One of our favorite photos of url.
A favorite 2012 photo: Seen in Davenport, url.
Barack and Michelle wish you a Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays: url.
The President and First Lady wish you a Merry Christmas and Happy url.
Happy url.
Check out the kids in the back row to see why this is one of our favorite photos from this url.
The President on John Kerry, his nominee for Secretary of State: "Johnos entire life has prepared him for this url.
One of our favorite photos from this year: 30,000 strong in url.
"We hear you": President Obama responds to the thousands of you who signed petitions on reducing gun url.
"There is absolutely no reasoninoneinot to protect [middle class] mericans from a tax hike." iPresident Obama.
"ll of us... agree that tax rates shouldn't go up for the other 98% of mericans." iPresident Obama.
"I am still ready and willing to get a compromise package done." iPresident Obama.
Watch live: President Obama delivers a statement on the fiscal cliff. url.
President Obama has announced name as his nominee to be the next Secretary of State: url.
Power hug: A photo that made us smile this url.
uWe donot turn back. We leave no one behind.u iPresident Obama at the DNC. One of our favorite moments from this url.
"The fact that this problem is complex can no longer be an excuse for doing nothing." url.
uIf thereos even one thing that we can do to prevent any of these events, we have a deep obligationiall of usito try.u.
Obama: "I've asked the name to lead an effort ... to come up with a set of concrete proposals no later than January" to reduce gun violence..
uI will use all the powers of this office to help advance efforts aimed at preventing more tragedies like this.u iPresident Obama on Newtown.
President Obama is name Person of the url.
Photo of the day: President Obama gets caught in Spider-Man's url.
One of our favorite 2012 photos: The President and First Lady hugging at his final campaign url.
We've lost a true merican hero with the passing of Senator Daniel Inouye. loha, Danny. -bo.
"These tragedies must end. nd to end them, we must change." iPresident url.
Looking towards home: One of our favorite photos from this url.
Taxes will go up for 114 million merican families if Congress doesn't act. Make calls today: url.
One of our favorite 2012 photos: Doing url.
Vice President name talks url.
In url.
New photos: Behind the scenes at the White House this November. url.
Find out what's at stake for your state if Congress fails to act on taxes: url (via name.
Taking care of family: Just one reason why hashtag matters. Tell Congress to keep taxes low: url.
If your taxes go up, Republicans will have made a conscious choice to let that happen: url.
President Obama in Michigan: "That's a principle I won't compromise on." url.
Kathyos hashtag would help purchase supplies for her classroom. What does hashtag mean to url.
If your representative already supports the President's plan, call OF supporters and ask them to call their reps: url.
Pick up the phone to make sure your representative supports President Obama's middle class tax cut plan: url.
"Our economic success has never come from the top down; it comes from the middle out." iPresident Obama.
"We can solve this problem. ll Congress has to do is pass a law to prevent a tax hike on the first $250,000 of everybody's income." iObama.
"If Congress doesnot act, the typical middle class family of four will see their taxes go up by about $2,200." iPresident Obama.
"If Congress doesn't act soon, starting on January 1st, everyone's going to see their income taxes go up." iPresident Obama.
"We don't want a race to the bottom. We want a race to the top." iPresident Obama.
"What we shouldnot be doing is try to take away your rights to bargain for better wages or working conditions." iPresident Obama.
"We should do everything we can to encourage companies like Daimler to keep investing in merican workers." iPresident Obama.
"We should do everything we can to keep creating good middle class jobs." iPresident Obama.
"If you want to find the best workers in the world... you should invest in the United States of merica." iPresident Obama.
President Obama on the auto rescue: "We bet on merican ingenuity, and I'd make that same bet again any day of the week.".
"I want us to bring down our deficits in a balanced and responsible way." iPresident Obama.
"I want us to put people back to work rebuilding our roads, bridges, and schools." iPresident Obama.
"I want to make sure merica leads the world in research, technology, and clean energy." iPresident Obama.
"I want us to give more mericans the chance to earn the skills that businesses are looking for right now." iPresident Obama.
"I believe merica only succeeds and thrives when we've got a strong and growing middle class." iPresident Obama.
Watch live: President Obama speaks at the Daimler Detroit Diesel plant in Redford, Michigan. url.
Who will decide if your taxes increase in just 22 days? A few dozen members of Congress who need to hear from you. url.
The 2012 White House holiday card, starring Bo: url.
Help the President by picking up the phone: url.
President Obama on extending middle-class tax cuts: "Time is running out. nd there are two things that can happen." url.
From our family to everyone celebrating Hanukkah, Chag Sameach. -bo.
High url.
The economy has added private sector jobs for 33 straight months, for a total of 5.6 million jobs during that url.
Tiffany shared what $2,000 means to heriand the President stopped by to talk about url.
"Out of the ashes of conflict, merica rose more prepared than ever to meet the challenges of the url.
Five small business owners on what $2,000 means for their budgets and their employees: url.
President Obama is visiting Tiffany Santana's family in northern Virginia today. Here's url.
One of our favorite 2012 photos: The First Lady gets a lift at the url.
Seniors share what hashtag means to them: url.
"That's my mandate." url.
Join the thousands of mericans who have shared their hashtag url.
"s a retired senior, $2,000 covers the approximate out-of-pocket yearly cost of my prescription drugs." iHarvey, NY.
uSupport my local store owners on Main Street in Farmingdale and continue to fund my children's education for college.uiRick, NY hashtag.
hashtag will just about cover out-of-pocket costs for my cataract surgery.uiBill, I.
u$2,000 is two months of daycare, which allows me to work outside of the home!uiSera, TX hashtag.
From affording quality child care to supporting local businesses, here's why hashtag matters to families all over the country..
When the merican people speak loudly enough, Congress listens. dd your voice: url.
One of our favorite photos from this year: President Obama sits on the Rosa Parks bus at the Henry Ford url.
We rise or fall together, as one nation, and as one url.
Everybody has a stake in this debate: url.
Share what $2,000 means to you: url hashtag.
Robert, Oklahoma: uWe are using that money to help a family in P that needs Christmas for their family.u hashtag.
uSaving my family $2,200 would help to feed, diaper, and clothe our 6-month-old daughter while finishing our master's program.uiChad, P.
uIncreasing my tax burden would make it tougher to purchase my own health insurance when I turn 26 this June.uiKimberly, MD.
Dawn, FL: uWe are a hard-working middle-class family of four, and $2,200 goes a long way in our household. Let us move FORWRD!u.
Thousands of people have weighed in with what $2,000 means to them. Here are some of their hashtag stories..
President Obama's asked Congress to do the right thing on taxesibut they also need to hear from you: url.
I've asked Debbie Wasserman Schultz to continue her excellent work as chair of the DNC. Thanks for all you do, Debbie. -bo.
If you missed the President's Twitter Q& on middle class tax cuts, catch the whole thing here: url.
President Obama will start answering questions about middle class tax cuts in 10 minutes on name your questions in with hashtag.
Congress can actiright nowito stop taxes from going up on middle-class families. Tell them why they should: url hashtag.
A flashback to the election: President Obama campaignediand wonion a clear tax url.
If Congress doesn't act, the typical family's taxes will go up by $2,000. Share what that would mean for you: url hashtag.
Check out some hashtag stories, then share your own: url.
"Let your congressman know what $2,000 means to you." iPresident Obama in his weekly url.
"We are going to win this fight. But the fight is not over." iPresident Obama on World IDS url.
President Obama is counting on all of us to tell Congress what tax hikes would mean for our families. Weigh in here: url.
Lee, licia, and Jane on what a $2,000 tax hike would mean for them: url hashtag.
"I'm going to be asking all of you to make your voices heard." iPresident Obama.
Obama: " clear majority of mericans agreed with a balanced approach to deficit reduction and making sure middle class taxes don't go up.".
"This was a central question in the election." iPresident Obama on keeping middle class taxes low.
" typical middle class family of 4 would see their income taxes go up by $2,200. That's money a lot of families just can't afford to lose.".
"If Congress does nothing, every family in merica will see their income taxes automatically go up on January 1." iPresident Obama.
"t the end of the year, middle class tax cuts that are currently in place are set to expire." iPresident Obama.
"Where the clock is really ticking right now is on middle class taxes.".
"I believe both parties can and will come together in the coming weeks to get that done.".
"Our long-term goal is to get our long-term deficit under control in a way that is balanced and fair." iPresident Obama.
"I want to reward manufacturers like this one & small businesses that create jobs here in the United States, not overseas." iPresident Obama.
"I believe merica only thrives when we have a strong and growing middle class." iPresident Obama.
President Obama is speaking at the Rodon Group Manufacturing Facility in Pennsylvania. Watch live: url.
Last call: Get this limited-edition magnet for 40% off today with the coupon code VICTORY. url.
Watch the story of one Iowa family thatos better off because of President Obamaos middle-class tax url.
More than 1 million supporters took our survey last week. Some initial results: url.
The typical family could see its income taxes go up $2,200 if Congress doesn't act. What does hashtag mean to you? url.
Congress needs to act now so taxes donot go up for millions of mericans. What would $2,200 help your family do? url hashtag.
Most families could save up to $2,200 if Congress extends middle class tax cuts. Use hashtag to share what that would mean for you..
"Call your members of Congress. Write them an email. Tweet it using the hashtag hashtag iPresident Obama.
"I'm asking mericans to make your voice heard. Tell members of Congress what a $2,000 tax hike would mean to you.".
"When the merican people speak loud enough, Congress listens." iPresident Obama.
"That means 98% of mericans and 97% of small businesses wouldn't see their taxes go up by a single dime.".
"Right now, Congress can pass a law that would prevent a tax hike on the first $250,000 of everybody's income." iPresident Obama.
" typical middle-class family of four will see its income taxes go up by $2,200." iPresident Obama.
"If Congress does nothing, every family in merica will see their taxes automatically go up at the beginning of next year.".
"Our ultimate goal is an agreement that gets our long-term deficit under control in a way that is fair and balanced." iPresident Obama.
"The voices of the merican people have to be a part of this debate." iPresident Obama.
"This debate is not just about numbers. It's a set of major decisions that are going to affect millions of families." iPresident Obama.
President Obama: Deadlines on taxes and deficits are "coming up very soon, in the coming weeks.".
Watch live: President Obama speaks on the need to extend tax cuts for the middle class. url.
President Obama kept his promise to cut taxes for millions of families in his first term. See why the fight isnot url.
If youore wondering why Congress needs to take action now to keep middle-class taxes low, meet the McLaughlins: url.
New in the campaign store: a limited-edition victory magnet. url.
From the archives: Sasha and her first url.
Every merican family's taxes will automatically go up if Congress fails to act before the end of the year: url.
A look at why our economy can't afford tax hikes on the middle class and small businesses: url.
2.2 million volunteers, nearly 1.8 million voters registered, and more on this campaign by the numbers: url.
President Obama is working with leaders of both parties to reduce the deficit in a balanced way. Get the facts: url.
President Obama wishes you a happy url.
From this family to yours, happy url.
"We give thanksinot only for the people we love, but for the spirit that sees us through the toughest times." url.
"Once again, Nate Silver completely nailed it." iPresident Obama on the vote to pardon this year's Thanksgiving url.
The President's plan to keep your taxes low and reduce the deficit in a balanced way, in 3 steps: url.
Make sure your friends know about the President's plan to keep taxes low for the middle class and reduce the deficit: url.
Take a few minutes to weigh in on the future of this url.
Happy birthday, Mr. Vice url.
This movement has always belonged to you. Take a few minutes to help shape its future: url.
"Thatos the message I heard loud and clear in the election: Work as hard as you can to make our lives url.
President Obama: "Letos begin our work by doing what we all agree on. Letos keep taxes low for the middle url.
"What folks are looking foriand I think all of us agree on thisiis action." url.
Millions of supporters and volunteers powered this campaignitell your story: url.
Watch President Obama discuss his plans for the next four yearsiand his mandate to help the middle url.
Share what President Obamaos re-election means to you with a story or photo: url.
uMy favorite moment: Traveling to Florida from California to get out the vote. We did it!u iCatherine, url.
uI called a woman in WI with the online tool, learned that she had just voted for Barack, and we shared a big oHallelujah!ouiCreighton, C.
uMy favorite memory was bringing my son to man the phones with me at the Royal Oak, MI campaign url.
uround 1:30am, I woke up, looked at the results, and had the biggest smile. I yelled oWoohoo!o and was so thankful.uiLauri, WI.
uStanding in the rain for 6 hours so my 3-year-old could see the President with his own eyes.uilicia, url.
uI voted for you because you reminded me to be determined enough to see my ambitions through.uiMichael, Ohio.
Supporters around the country have been sharing their favorite campaign memories, and what President Obama's re-election means to them..
"Iove got a mandate to help middle-class families." iPresident Obama at his news conference url.
"Let's get to url.
"I've got a mandate to help middle-class families and families that are working hard to get into the middle class." iPresident Obama.
"We cannot afford to extend the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy. What we can do is make sure that middle class taxes donot go up.".
"Thereos only one way to solve these challenges: together.".
"We should at least do what we agree on, and that's to keep middle class taxes low." iPresident Obama.
"We should not hold the middle class hostage while we debate tax cuts for the wealthy." iPresident Obama.
"This country succeeds on a growing, thriving middle class." iPresident Obama.
"Our top priority has to be jobs and growth. We've got to build on the progress we've made." iPresident Obama.
"Right now, our economy is still recovering from a very deep and damaging crisis." iPresident Obama.
Watch live: President Obama holds a news conference at the White House. url.
"What the merican people are looking for is cooperation... Most of all, they want url.
Watch the President lay out his strategy to stop taxes from going up on 98% of mericans & reduce our nation's url.
Some of our favorite photos from election night: url.
"Iom committed to solving our fiscal challenges. But I refuse to accept any approach that isnot balanced." url.
"We must commitithis day and every dayito serving you as well as you've served us." iPresident Obama to veterans url.
"What Bobby Kennedy called the ripples of hope that come out when you throw a stone in a lakeithat's going to be url.
The President made a surprise visit to campaign HQ yesterday to thank staff & volunteers. Here's what he url.
The definition of hope is you still believe, even when it's url.
President Obama in his victory speech last night: "For the United States of merica, the best is yet to url.
Thank you. url.
Four more url.
We're all in this together. That's how we campaigned, and that's who we are. Thank you. -bo.
This happened because of you. Thank you..
 if you're on hashtag tonight..
Nevada, pass it on: Polls close at 7pm PT. You can vote as long as you're in line before then. hashtag.
Last chance to help win this election: Pick up your phone and call voters in key states. url hashtag.
Iowa, spread the word: Your polls close at 9pm CT, and you can vote as long as you're in line by then. hashtag.
Reminder: If you're waiting to vote in Florida, hashtag s long as you were in line when polls closed, you can still vote..
Step 1: Pick up your phone. Step 2: Call voters in key states. Step 3: Help win this election. url.
Wisconsin & Minnesota: Polls close at 8pm CT. Spread the word: You can vote as long as you're in line before then. hashtag.
New Mexico & Colorado,  this: Polls close at 7pm MT, and you can vote as long as you're in line by then. hashtag.
Help get out the vote: Grab your phone and call voters right now. url.
Let your friends know you had the President's back today: url.
President Obama recorded an Election Day message for you: url hashtag.
Pennsylvania: Polls close at 8pm ET, and you can vote as long as you're in line before then. Spread the word..
Ohio and North Carolina: Polls close at 7:30pm ET, and you can vote as long as you're in line before then. Go vote now, and spread the word!.
If youore in line when the polls close, stay in line to vote. It could help make the url.
Don't watch this video: url url.
Just a handful of votes could decide this election. Confirm your polling place and go vote now: url hashtag.
This guy's counting on you: url.
lready voted? Get on the phone and help turn out voters in key states where a few votes could make the difference: url.
Will Ferrell will do anything to get you and your friends to vote right now: url hashtag.
Ohio: This election could come down to just a few votes, and yours could make the difference. url.
Jay Z wants you in a voting state of mind today. url url hashtag.
This election is close, and your vote could make the difference. Confirm where to cast your ballot now: url.
Spread the word: You can still make the difference in this election. Help get out the vote now: url.
If he can find the time to make calls today, so can you! url url.
Today, always be doing something: url.
Just a few votes could make the difference in this electionigrab a friend when you vote today. url.
We're coming to the end of a long campaigniall that's left to do is get out the vote. Let's win this. -bo.
Share why you're voting for President Obama today with the hashtag hashtag.
Carol from NH is voting for Obama-Biden because uMy taxes have gone down, and my take-home pay has gone up.u hashtag.
uI trust President Obama. I do not trust Mitt Romney. nd that's really all I need to know.uiJoe, a Purple Heart veteran from P hashtag.
uIt's been years since I've felt connected at any level to a president.uiGabe, OH, who voted McCain in o08 but is voting Obama-Biden in 2012.
uI am a military wife with 6 children, and the added Pell Grant benefit has afforded our family to allow me to go back to school.uimy, FL.
manda, K: uI am supporting President Obama as both a college student and a veteran because he has never given up on fighting for us.u.
Check out a few voterso reasons for supporting President Obamaithen grab a friend and go hashtag url.
Time to vote! Grab a friend to join you and head over to your polling place: url.
25 reasons that 25 people are voting for President Obama: url.
t the final rally of his final campaign last night, President Obama told the story of "Fired up! Ready to url.
Itos Election Day! This is your last chance to help win this thing this link so your friends know where to vote: url.
Election Day is here! Confirm your polling place and bring a friend with you to vote. url.
President Obama tells the story of "Fired up! Ready to go!" at the final rally of his final campaign. url hashtag.
